Foundation, Unit 1, Competences for Life, Exercises 4 and 5.
A rite of passage marks the transition from one stage of life to another.
The transition from childhood to adulthood is an important step in everyone's life.
But the age at which this happens, and how a child celebrates their rite of passage into adolescence, depends on where they live and what culture they grow up in.
Here are three teens talking about how this is done in their culture.
Hi, I'm Leila. I'm 12, and last Saturday I celebrated my bat mitzvah during a special ceremony in the synagogue.
This is the Jewish coming-of-age rite where we accept responsibility for Jewish law and tradition, and show we can take an active part in our community life.
My family used to celebrate this coming-of-age privately, just in the family.
But this time they organized a huge party, and I received money as a present from everybody there.
My name's Jacob, and I belong to an Amish community in Utah, USA.
I'm about to go through a period known as Rumspringa.
This marks the time when, at 16, teenagers can explore and experience the world beyond their community.
I'm looking forward to enjoying pleasures like modern clothing and a weekend away from my family, things I never had in my childhood.
After this period, by the age of 23, young Amish people can choose if they want to return to their community or to leave it.
I'm Anna, and I live on North Baffin Island in the north of Canada.
In our Inuit tradition, we like to mark the transition from childhood to adolescence.
In fact, between the ages of 11 and 12, Inuit boys traditionally go out into the wilderness with their fathers to test their hunting skills and to get to know how to deal with the harsh Arctic weather.
This experience used to be just for boys, but Inuit families have now extended it to everybody.
I think it's right that girls are considered as equals in our society, and I was proud to go out into the wilderness and learn the ropes.
While my dad was teaching me about hunting, we captured several big fish.
Quite an achievement for my first hunt.
