Foundation, Unit 2, Presentation and Practice 1, Escape to the Country.
There are many stories of people who moved to the country only to return to the city,
bored by the expanses of fields and the slow rhythm of life.
But others have successfully brought their own talent to rural communities.
The Turkey and Honey Producers.
High house prices, poor internet access, lack of work opportunities and poor transport links
have historically been the reasons why many people who grew up in the countryside left it in their youth.
However, our working habits have been changing since the COVID-19 pandemic
and the millennial generation has been gradually swapping the city for the country,
looking for a better quality of life.
When I tell the people I studied or worked with that I now live on a farm with a white wooden fence and breed turkeys,
they look at me as if I've lost my mind, says Chris.
He has been living in rural Suffolk for nearly 10 years.
He and his partner Naomi also keep thousands of bees and sell their goods to businesses, institutions and individual clients.
The Lawyer and the Businessman.
Alex and Anna were both born and brought up in London.
After meeting at university, they decided to settle down in the Oxfordshire countryside.
They have been married for three years.
It was a question of work and how to balance work and life, explains Anna.
I wanted to work as a lawyer, but I didn't like the hustle and bustle of the city.
And Alex can run his business from anywhere.
He used to have to travel all the way out to the suburbs to play cricket.
Now, it's a two-minute journey on foot to the village green.
The Expats.
Nick and Verity have travelled around the world for his work.
How long have they been living in their little village in Cumbria?
They came here in their early thirties and found the countryside more welcoming than cities.
We decided to approach our new life in the same way we started expat life.
We accepted every invitation, says Verity.
We joined as many clubs as possible.
We have gorgeous country walks on our doorstep.
And we've totally embraced village life.
