Foundation. Unit 2. Competences for Life. Green Capitals.
Tallinn. Tallinn, the capital of Estonia, became the European Green Capital for 2023.
This beautiful medieval city is on the coast of the Gulf of Finland in the Baltic Sea
and has been an important port and city since the 10th century.
However, trade is not its only business.
In fact, its economy has recently flourished thanks to information technology.
Several start-ups have begun here over the past few years, with Skype being the most famous.
Tallinn is a biodiverse city, with lots of rare plants and protected animals.
This must be thanks to the city's rich landscape.
In fact, the city has dozens of parks.
79% of its residents have access to public green spaces within 250 meters of their homes,
but also forests, cliffs, sandy beaches, valleys and even its own island.
During its Green Capital year, Tallinn focused on restoring and protecting its biodiversity and natural areas
to create a safe and pleasant urban space for everyone.
It started to restore a hiking area, design a vibrant 14-kilometer-long linear park
and create innovative solutions to reinvent uninteresting places.
The city was also the first European capital to introduce free public transport for its inhabitants in 2013
and has recently adopted climate-friendly strategies for urban mobility.
Its citizens will be able to use soft mobility – walking, cycling, running, skateboarding and roller skating –
and may reach almost all city facilities in 15 minutes by 2035.
Valencia, on the eastern coast of Spain, was the European green capital for 2024,
thanks to its efforts to become a more sustainable city and a smart city by 2030.
Visitors to Valencia can find green landscapes everywhere.
One of the most beautiful places in the city is the Turia Garden.
It is located in the old bed of the Turia River.
Since the park's opening in 1986, it has become one of the most visited places in the city
and a meeting place for its inhabitants.
It is full of fountains, playgrounds, paths and green areas ideal for sports, too.
It is one of the largest urban parks in Spain.
Valencia is developing ecological and accessible transport, efficient waste management and ways to use abandoned public places.
It is also measuring the impact of tourism and trying to make tourism carbon neutral.
