According to recent studies, 54% of people said they made a purchase either while seeing a product on Instagram or just after it,
while 55% of TikTok users bought items after seeing them on the platform.
Every day, influencers give their followers tips about how to live a certain lifestyle that is attractive and trendy.
They often recommend stuff like the newest lip gloss or a t-shirt, which you can buy at a discount with the influencer's special codes.
However, a different type of viral trend is now taking over. De-influencing.
This is becoming very popular with many consumers who are getting tired of other people telling them how to spend and sometimes waste their money.
De-influencers give advice on which products are not worth the hype or simply tell you what not to buy.
One of these de-influencers is Beta, a girl who posted a video about some products that influencers were persuading her to buy but that were too expensive.
In the video, Beta explains that people who earn average salaries cannot afford items that cost hundreds of pounds, such as trendy shoes or headphones, but they feel pressured to buy them to be fashionable.
Valeria is a student and part-time content creator from Chicago, Illinois.
She has made a video where she speaks about the products that she thinks are overrated.
She believes that American consumers are now more careful about what they spend their money on because of the current economic situation.
She also says that they are attracted to people who are honest about products and encourage them to save.
One of her videos has had over one million views.
Some of these de-influencers focus on the value of the product.
They tell you whether you can get it somewhere else at a cheaper price or whether you can buy similar products which cost much less and do the same thing.
There are some people who wonder, is de-influencing the end of influencing?
A question whose answer might be, de-influencing is actually influencing.
It's exactly the same thing, but much more honest.
