Core, Unit 3, Presentation and Practice 2, Exercise 4.
They say that money makes the world go round, but where did it all start?
Did you know that money dates back more than 5,000 years?
About 3,000 years ago, the first metal coins appeared in China, which then started using banknotes in the 7th century.
And the oldest currency still in use today?
It's the pound sterling, whose original value was equal to a pound in weight of silver.
It's been the official currency of the United Kingdom since 1707, but it was used as a form of money from the year 760.
The Romans were the first to stamp the image of a person on a coin, an emperor called Julius Caesar.
But who appears on banknotes nowadays?
In the USA, you'll find former presidents such as George Washington and Abraham Lincoln.
The only woman is Washington's wife, Martha.
In the UK, King Charles III has replaced Queen Elizabeth II, who was the first monarch to be printed in 1960,
while on the back of the notes we find famous British people like Jane Austen and William Turner.
Did you know that paper money is not actually made of paper, which deteriorates easily?
The British pound is made of polymer, which is cleaner, safer, harder to copy, and lasts longer.
US banknotes are made of 75% cotton and 25% linen, but they don't wash well.
And the first cash machine?
Originally called ATMs, which stands for Automated Teller Machine,
they first appeared in London in 1967 and in New York in 1969.
A British engineer created the first personal identification number, known as a PIN.
Where were credit cards invented?
It all began in a New York restaurant in 1949.
Frank McNamara, who was a director of a credit company,
went to pay and was embarrassed to realize he didn't have his wallet.
He decided to find an alternative to cash and created a card called Diner's Club card.
Members of the club could use the card in restaurants.
And the future of money?
In addition to cash and cards, mobile payment is becoming increasingly popular.
Are we moving towards a cashless society with the use of digital currency?
Thank you.
