Core, Unit 3, Competences for Life, Exercises 7 and 8.
Speaker A.
Black Friday is the day after Thanksgiving, which is always the fourth Thursday in November.
It has become a major shopping day, and not just here in the USA.
It traditionally marks the beginning of the Christmas shopping season.
Many Americans have the day off work, which means they are free to shop.
All retailers in the country have special offers, including some limited special discount items which people line up for, sometimes all night.
I love it.
Speaker B.
I love Cyber Monday, which is the Monday after Thanksgiving.
It's a day retailers invented to encourage people to shop online, and it's now one of the biggest online shopping days of the year.
It's good because it gives smaller retail websites the chance to compete with larger chains.
All you need is a click and a credit card.
Cyber Monday has been very successful.
A huge 77% of online retailers say that their sales increase enormously that day.
Speaker C.
I hate Black Friday, and I celebrate Buy Nothing Day instead.
Do you want to try it?
Just don't buy anything at all for 24 hours.
You might be surprised how difficult this is.
The aim is to make people think more about how they spend their money.
There are also special events like the coat exchange, where people can donate winter coats to those in need, or even take one.
The first Buy Nothing Day was organized in Canada in 1992.
In North America, the United Kingdom, Finland, and Sweden, it's the same day as Black Friday.
In the rest of the world, it's the following day.
Speaker D.
I sometimes wonder how I can use money to help others by saving some from my pocket money.
I've just found out about Giving Tuesday.
It's a day that encourages people to do good.
The official date of the celebration is the Tuesday after Thanksgiving.
How can you give?
There are lots of ways.
It can be as simple as making someone smile, helping your neighbor, paying for the next person's order at the coffee shop, planting a tree, or donating to a charity.
Each simple act, which may seem insignificant on its own, added to many others, can transform society.
