Core. Unit 3. Competences for life. Buy fair, be fair.
Fair trade is an easy way to change the lives of the people who grow and create the things we love.
It simply tries to make trade fair.
Thanks to fair trade, farmers and workers can receive a fair price for their products
and have better working conditions.
There are now more than 1.9 million farmers and workers around the world
who produce fair trade products in over 71 countries, and about 41% of them are women.
These people can also receive fair trade premium,
which is extra money that they can invest in their businesses or community projects like schools.
What is more, fair trade helps many farmers to work in a more sustainable way,
using methods that are environmentally friendly.
The idea started in the USA in the 1940s, and the Fair Trade Foundation was formed in 1992 in the UK.
Today, fair trade is a global movement.
The fair trade mark appears on products that are produced according to certain standards.
The first product with a fair trade label was a chocolate bar,
and the first fair trade banana was sold in the UK in 2000.
Nowadays, more than a third of all bananas sold are fair trade.
Did you know that you can find over 4,500 fair trade products in the UK alone?
It is not only the UK.
There are 30,000 fair trade products in shops and markets in 120 countries worldwide.
These include cocoa, coffee, sugar, tea, rice, flowers, and plants.
Cocoa farmers often have a very difficult life because of poverty, inequality, and deforestation.
Most cocoa farmers have never tasted chocolate,
but farmers from a fair trade certified cooperative in Ghana own 44% of the Divine Chocolate Company.
It is the only farmer-owned chocolate company in the world.
And let's not forget the textile industries.
Asian countries, which are the main global centre for textile production,
have more than 40 million people working in the sector.
When you buy an item of fair trade clothing,
you are supporting these workers
and helping them to earn a decent wage,
to protect their rights,
and to work safely.
Next time you go shopping,
look out for the fair trade logo.
