Core. B1 Preliminary Training 1. Exercises 6 and 7. Listening. Part 2.
1. You will hear two people talking about online shopping.
I know you're a personal shopper, but when you shop, who do you ask for advice?
Well, I'm a web clicker.
What does that mean?
I buy things on the internet.
There are plenty of online shopping sites that sell all sorts of things, even the weirdest stuff.
I know there are people who could never do that.
They probably think there's too much choice.
That's where they're wrong.
It's so exciting to buy a pair of shoes with a simple click and your credit card.
2. You will hear a word.
You will hear two friends talking about ways of buying.
I'm definitely a deal shopper. I check the prices in different shops before I decide. That way, I spend the least money.
I don't see it that way. If I see something I like, I buy it. Anyway, I should be more careful, as I may waste my money on stuff I don't need. This is why I always look for ways to save while spending. I love shopping.
So do I. If you want to change your spending habits. If you want to change your spending habits, you should try online shopping. No queuing. No rude shop assistants. No cash. Just a click.
You will hear a man telling his friend about the job he is looking for.
Hi, Joe. What's up? You look worried.
I've been thinking of applying for a new sales job. If I were you, I would ask yourself why you want to change your job.
Yeah, I know. Also, doing well on an interview for a sales job is very much like selling something.
Absolutely. And having a passion for the products you sell is the key to success. So just look for opportunities with companies that sell things you like.
Yes. And you know that I like the latest trends. I'm a trendy shopper. Listen, Sarah, I haven't had an interview for a long time. Will you help me get ready?
Sure.
Four. You will hear two friends talking about buying a new computer monitor.
What about going to the shopping centre? You know, just to have a look round the shops.
Great. I have to buy a new computer monitor.
Oh, no. I know your shopping style.
Exactly. Going to the centre, buying a monitor and returning home in 27 minutes and 42 seconds.
When a boy on a mission shops, it's like someone looking for a target to destroy.
And if you're shopping with him, you can't stop and browse the shoe section.
Five. You will hear two friends talking about where they shop.
I hate online shopping. It's too quick and there is no human contact.
We're on the same page. I could never like that.
I also buy everything, and I mean everything, from the same store.
It's the same for me.
I've got a loyalty card and ten different discount vouchers for the store near the station.
I know the feeling.
When you enter a store like that, everybody greets you and knows your name.
It feels like home.
Six.
You will hear a girl telling her friend about something she has bought.
Did you have a nice weekend?
Great. Do you see that pretty lamp over there?
Doesn't it look nice on my desk?
Yeah, it's very pretty. Nice colour.
Sure. But it cost fifty pounds.
I don't usually spend that much money on a lamp.
I simply can't afford it.
But the moment I saw it, I thought,
when will I ever see another lamp like that again?
So you knew what to do. Buy it.
That's right. I felt so proud.
Until this morning, when I woke up and realised I just have ten pounds left in my bank account.
