CORE, Invalsi Training 1, Exercise 4.
Hi everyone, and welcome to our program.
According to the American College of Allergy,
more than 50 million Americans deal with allergies every year.
In spring, several people start to have symptoms of hay fever or reactions to pollen.
Some of them can suffer from allergic reactions all year round,
for example, to food, dust, animal fur, and even some medicines.
But there are also some less common allergies you can suffer from.
If you have any unusual allergies you would like to tell us about, just call.
Hey there, I'm Sylvia from Dublin.
I bought a pair of slim fit jeans a month ago,
and I have seen some strange spots on my legs every time I take them off.
Maybe I'm allergic to my favorite trousers, I thought.
But then I've noticed that the same red spots appear on my arms, shoulders, and neck
when I wear the tight jumper my friend Joe gave me as a Christmas present.
So, I asked my dermatologist,
what if I were allergic to denim or wool?
She explained that I may just have an allergy known as skin writing.
If you have this type of allergy, you can write your name on your skin with pressure from your fingernail.
She says that I should avoid wearing tight-fitting clothes.
So, I've decided it was time for a change of look.
I'll go for baggy jeans and loose jumpers next time I go shopping for clothes.
Hi, I'm Irina from New Jersey.
A few months ago, I started to experience some strange skin reactions
after talking on the phone with my best friend.
I was on vacation in California,
and I used to spend hours chatting on my mobile with Nick.
Every time I hung up the phone,
I noticed that my hands were red and itchy.
I also noticed the same reaction
when I went to the truck in front of the hotel to buy some ice cream.
I started wondering,
am I allergic to my favorite ice pop
or, even worse, to my best friend?
Luckily, my doctor believes I'm just allergic to nickel,
which is a metal contained in some devices and in coins.
He says I ought to use earphones for long calls
and my prepaid card
even when I have to buy my favorite ice pop.
He's quite sure these simple precautions will do the trick.
What a relief!
you
