Core - Active Citizenship Lab 1 Lesson 1: What money personality type are you?
According to Ken Honda, author of the book Happy Money, which is about financial health,
there are seven money personality types, even though some people may have traits that are a
combination of more than one type. Here are some teenagers describing how they manage their money.
Which personality type are they? Wade: I put money away all the time, even if I don't have a particular
goal. I'm very good with money, so my friends often come to me for advice. Which phone company should I
choose? Which is the cheapest? Where should I buy the best priced concert tickets?
Daisy I tend to spend money on things I don't need. I like buying gifts for my friends, not only on
their birthdays, but also for no special occasion. When I'm feeling down, my solution is to go shopping.
Seth I spend most of my time and energy on trying to make as much money as possible. I prefer working
at weekends rather than spending time hanging out with friends. If other people notice how good I am
at making money, I feel proud. Meg I hardly ever think about money, and I've never considered creating a
saving plan for my future. That's because I only need a limited amount of cash to be happy. I strongly believe
that money shouldn't influence important decisions in my life. Luna
There are periods in my life when I focus on saving money. Then there are others when as soon as I earn some
money, I start spending it on things I don't need or will rarely use. I tend to swing between two extremes.
And it's so stressful. Robin
I often fear I won't be able to achieve financial independence. I'm constantly worried about losing money or not
having enough cash to face unexpected expenses in the future.
The seven personality types. One, compulsive savers believe that being financially responsible is the only way to feel more secure in life.
Two, indifferent to money, don't think they need to budget because they rarely think about money.
Three, gamblers like taking risks and often spend money to escape boredom.
Four, compulsive spenders often make unnecessary purchases or spend money to please friends.
Five, warriors are obsessed with this question: What will happen if I don't have enough money in the future?
Six, saver splurgers work hard to save money but later waste it on unnecessary things.
Seven, compulsive money makers consider money the secret to happiness and get pleasure from other people's recognition of their financial success.
