Core. Active Citizenship Lab 1. Lesson 1. Exercises 5 and 6.
Now that we've looked at spending habits, let's look at ways you can manage your money more responsibly.
Here's a step-by-step guide on how to create a budget as a teenager.
First of all, calculate how much money you earn or get from your family in a week or month.
Your income might include pocket money, part-time jobs or birthday gifts.
Sum up the total amount of money you receive in a week or a month.
Collect all the receipts from your purchases and take note of everything you spend money on,
whether it's buying snacks or going to the cinema.
You can use a notebook, a budgeting app or a spreadsheet to record your expenses.
Divide your expenses into different categories like entertainment, clothing, food.
Then check which ones are fixed, for example, your phone bills, and which are variable,
for example, video games or cinema tickets.
Before you create a budget, you should think about what you really need, for example, a gym membership or transport,
and things you want, for example, a new phone or a pair of trainers.
Then ask yourself, why do I want it?
How would things be different if I had it?
Which things are essential to me?
This will help you prioritise what's really important for you.
Setting goals for the future can give you the right direction, purpose and motivation.
Short-term goals could include saving for a concert ticket or buying a new gadget,
while long-term goals might involve saving for college or an e-scooter.
Make it a habit to save part of your income for the future.
Now you can create a plan based on your income, expenses and goals.
A simple way to start is by distributing 50% of your income to your needs and 20% to savings.
Then use the 30% left for extras like entertainment or eating out.
Don't forget to check your budget regularly to see if you're sticking to it.
This will help you identify categories where you'd better spend less or need to adjust your spending.
Finally, remember, creating and maintaining a budget is a skill that takes time to develop.
Be patient, focus on your goals and learn from any mistakes you make along the way.
