Expansion, Unit 5, Presentation and Practice 1, Superheroes and Superheroines Fighting Crime.
Can superheroes and superheroines inspire us to fight or prevent crime?
Their stories are often about individuals that developed special abilities
and wanted to seek justice after they had experienced a life-changing event.
Take Spider-Man, for example.
Did you know that his alter ego is a teenager, Peter Parker,
who grew up with his aunt and uncle after he had lost his parents in a plane crash?
He was a very clever child but was a victim of bullying because he was very shy.
When he was 15, he got his superhuman strength and agility
and the ability to cling to walls after a radioactive spider had bitten him.
With his stunning costume, Spider-Man became an overnight sensation on television.
One day, however, he witnessed a burglary but he didn't stop the thief from getting away.
A few days later, he found that the same burglar had robbed and killed his uncle.
So he realised that with great power comes great responsibility, just as his uncle had once said.
And have you ever heard of Kamala Khan's story?
She was born in New Jersey, the daughter of Muslim immigrants who came to the USA from Pakistan.
Had she experienced any superpowers in her childhood?
No, she hadn't.
She got them in her teens from the Terrigan mists that covered her in Jersey City.
During the mists, Kamala saw a vision of three of her favourite superheroes.
Captain America, Iron Man, and Captain Marvel.
When she emerged, she had become Ms. Marvel.
She discovered she was now a polymorph, so she could change and stretch her body into virtually anything.
One day, while visiting a friend who was working in a store, there was a robbery.
She tried to stop the robber, but was shot.
Luckily, she also had the ability to heal from any injury by transforming back from Ms. Marvel to Kamala.
From then on, her mission was to protect Jersey City from vandalism, theft, and kidnapping, and not let anyone get away with crime.
