Expansion, Unit 5, Competences for Life, AI and the Police, a new collaboration.
The sci-fi film Minority Report, 2002, directed by Steven Spielberg, imagined a world where a police department used advanced AI, artificial intelligence, to predict and prevent crimes.
There were constant AI scans and police could catch criminals before they committed a crime.
Well, this technology has now become a reality.
The integration of AI in policing can be very effective.
In fact, some AI technologies can predict or identify criminal activity, which improves public safety.
One of the first uses of crime prevention technologies was at the Los Angeles Police Department, LAPD, in 2010.
The police force had discovered that certain crimes usually followed similar patterns and developed a mathematical model which could detect patterns in criminal incidents.
Today, police departments around the world use much more accurate tools that take information and learn from various sources, such as police records and surveillance cameras.
These technologies have sometimes been used to predict crimes before they happen, such as terrorist attacks and financial crimes.
AI also contributes to cybersecurity because it can identify potential threats or anomalies in network or data traffic.
This can help security teams respond quickly to try and prevent crimes.
A common aspect of AI is facial recognition, which many countries use in public areas to monitor citizens and catch criminals while they are committing crimes.
However, this technology is not perfect, and mistakes can happen.
Some years ago, for example, a lawyer defended a man accused of shoplifting.
At the time of the theft, the man was at a hospital where his wife was having their first child.
Luckily, his lawyer realized that the police had misinterpreted the security camera records.
If the lawyer hadn't questioned the investigation, the jury and the judge would have convicted an innocent man.
If the police had had access to AI in the past, would they have solved more serious crimes?
They probably would have.
But obviously, we can't simply replace police officers with computers.
What we need to do is consider how human-machine teamwork can improve crime prevention.
Officers, detectives and computers can work together and learn from each other.
