Expansion, Unit 6, Presentation and Practice 1. Is it good news?
1. A flock of sheep are showing off a pretty pink look on a farm in Barnsley.
Farmer Richard Nicholson told the press that he had just bought a new red feeder and his sheep's wool had gradually turned pink.
He added that they were starting to look like a group of old ladies, all with the same hairstyle.
At first, he thought that his colleagues were exaggerating with spray markers.
He later realized what had actually happened.
The feeder was causing the color change.
He told us that he was curious to see if the sheep's hair would go back to its original color.
2. A big crowd gathered yesterday at Stonehenge near Salisbury, England, to celebrate the summer solstice.
We went along to interview some of the participants.
Miss Burns said that it had been stunning.
Miss Richardson added that she had never experienced anything like it.
Scott Ashman, head of Stonehenge for English Heritage, told us that the sunrise had caught them by surprise.
He explained that they had walked around with their back towards the sun.
And when they had suddenly turned round, the sun was rising behind the entrance to the stone circle,
just cutting through the center of the monument.
3. Our sports correspondent reported that people had thrown thousands of teddy bears and soft toys onto a football pitch in Turkey
to donate to children affected by the recent earthquakes.
At exactly 4 minutes and 17 seconds after the match had started, the players of both teams paused in order to represent the time of the first earthquake at exactly 4.17 a.m. on the 6th of February.
4. Peter Allen, a plumber working in a house in Edinburgh, was in the local news today.
He said that he couldn't believe his eyes when he cut a hole in the wooden floor and found a whiskey bottle containing a 135-year-old note.
He ran downstairs to tell the owner of the house, Ailey Stimpson.
She had to break the bottle to read the note.
She said that her two children had been excited by the find and thought it might be a treasure.
There was no treasure, just the note saying that James Ritchie and John Grieve had laid that floor, but they hadn't drunk the whiskey.
