Expansion. Unit 6. Presentation and practice 2. Exercises 5 and 6.
One of the topics in IT for this term is new media. A hot issue at the moment is clickbait.
Do you all know what I mean by clickbait?
Is it something to tempt you into clicking?
Absolutely. It is a sensational headline, photo, article on the internet that persuades people to click on a link and go to a particular webpage.
There you may find advertising or misleading content.
Where does the name come from?
Bait is something that attracts. For example, fishermen use it to attract and then catch fish.
So, on the internet, sensational headlines on popular topics or on brands attract clicks.
A high number of clicks then attracts adverts.
Can you give us an example?
Certainly. I've recently read,
You won't believe what happened to this celebrity. Photos inside.
This headline uses curiosity to attract readers.
It suggests that there's something surprising involving a celebrity.
Readers click on the link to see the photos and find out what happened.
But when you click on the link, you end up in a blog that has nothing to do with the celebrity.
Has this strategy worked so far in attracting people?
Oh, yes. Some clickbait has spread like wildfire and has gone viral.
Why are companies using it?
It's a question of money.
The more clicks a website receives, the more the advertisers have to pay for their ads.
The number of clicks is more important than the quality of the content.
Where can you find clickbait?
Everywhere.
You can find it on blogs or banner ads and on social media apps.
What about PSA advertising? Is that safe from clickbait?
Public service announcements, or PSAs, don't normally use clickbait.
They often use TV commercials as well as magazines, newspapers and billboards.
But in this digital age, an online presence is very important.
What makes PSAs different from other types of ads?
Well, as you know, PSAs promote social issues because their goal is to raise awareness.
They want to inform, educate and inspire.
They focus on topics like health and safety, for example.
What do they have in common with clickbait?
They use attractive slogans, eye-catching photos or celebrities to launch their campaigns and get the audience's attention.
We could use some of these strategies when we promote our school projects.
Who knows?
We might get loads of clicks.
