Expansion, Unit 6, Competences for Life.
Children at UN asking for better Internet access and safety.
In March 2023, a Colombian human rights defender travelled from her village in Colombia
to denounce digital inequity at the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva.
Together with other young ambassadors, 12-year-old Mariana asked why technology and the Internet
were still not accessible for all children if they were so essential for their learning.
According to statistics, less than a third of families in rural Colombia have Internet access at home.
Mariana insisted that access should be considered a basic human right,
together with the protection of children and young people in digital environments.
In reply, the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights, Volker Turk,
said that while many people could connect with others quickly, learn, and had access to world news easily,
progress was not universal.
He agreed that the digital divide had left a lot of people behind,
and that access to the Internet had to be a basic human right, not a privilege.
The Internet is the main source of information and entertainment nowadays.
Many of us saw how important it was during the COVID-19 pandemic
when it became essential for education, work, and healthcare.
The rise of digital platforms and social media accelerated during this period,
but not everyone around the world has benefited.
UN sources show that 2.2 billion children and young people under 25 in the world
still do not have access to the Internet at home.
Access can vary according to geographical location, socioeconomic factors, or infrastructure development.
Developed countries in North America and Europe have extensive Internet access,
but access can be limited or non-existent in less developed or remoter areas like South Asia or Sub-Saharan Africa.
According to Turk, governments and private organizations were all making efforts to bridge the digital divide
and expand Internet access to poorer areas.
He explained that there were several initiatives such as satellite Internet and community networks.
However, he admitted that achieving equal access to the Internet worldwide remained an ongoing challenge.
you
