Expansion. Unit 7. Presentation and practice 1. Cool gadgets for teens.
Are you looking for a present for a friend? You can't go wrong with digital technology.
Here are some cool tech gifts teens might love.
1. Smart sunglasses.
A pair of smart sunglasses is super cool. What can you do with them?
They can be connected to your smartphone to take photos or make videos and even share content on social media.
How are they activated? They respond to voice commands.
Pictures can be taken just by saying a few words.
Videos can be recorded with the touchpad and capture button and you can play songs.
Low battery? No problem. You can charge them by plugging them into your power bank.
2. Instant camera.
Even in our tech world, vintage gifts can be cool.
Does your friend love photos? Have you ever heard of an instant camera?
The first model was introduced in 1948 and it was a great success.
When photos are taken with a smartphone, you will need a printer if you want to keep a paper copy.
With an instant camera, the photo is printed on the spot.
Of course, it has a companion editing app with a set of tools for modifying photos before they are printed.
3. Smart water bottle.
Is your friend a sports lover?
A smart water bottle is definitely a good choice for young sports enthusiasts.
Water can be kept cold for up to 24 hours and its LED smart sensor can be connected to your mobile to remind you when you need to drink.
4. Rubik's Connected Cube.
This is a revisited version of one of the most iconic toys ever made.
With Bluetooth connectivity, you will have great fun solving this challenging interactive puzzle.
Your progress will be tracked by a companion app that can be easily installed.
There is also an option to join the online community of other players.
5. Bluetooth waterproof speakers.
What about Bluetooth speakers with LED lights?
They have been designed to give you a unique audio experience near water.
An amazing light display can be enjoyed along with your favourite music.
Its waterproof design makes it perfect for showers, the pool or beach parties.
With long battery life and a built-in power bank, enjoyment is guaranteed wherever you go.
