Expansion, Unit 7, Presentation and Practice 2, Exercises 5 and 6.
Hey Jordan, have you seen the latest issue of Technology Today?
They've done a lot of research this month and there seems to be some awesome stuff in it.
Yes, there's an article on weird recent technological inventions. They're really mind-boggling, Mia. There's one about the selfie toaster.
Really? Well, I've already been shown one by my friend Mark. It makes toast with your face on it.
Yes, and the article says that it's considered to be one of the weirdest technological products of the past 10 years.
I'm going to do an experiment with Mark tomorrow. I'm going for breakfast and I'm having my selfie burnt on my slice of bread.
The article also describes an amazing smart fridge. It keeps track of your groceries and the incredible thing is that you can have orders placed by the fridge itself. It can solve all your shopping problems.
So weird. It's like the shopping is being done by the fridge.
Then they talk about zoomable contact lenses.
What are they?
Their sensors collect data from your pupils and use these signals to work out if you need to zoom in or not.
Then the perfect image is produced by the lenses in the blink of an eye.
Ha ha, very funny. Speaking of weird tech, have you heard about those 3D printers that can make food?
Oh yeah. I was given some homework about it.
Artificial intelligence has been used to create a cheesecake at Columbia University.
I know. I was told by a teacher that a research team printed the cheesecake using 7 ingredients, including strawberry jam and peanut butter.
It was assembled and cooked all by the machine. It was assembled and cooked all by the machine. The scientists said that food could be turned into a paste liquid or powder, printed and used to make creative dishes, and that in the future, 3D food printers will become common kitchen appliances.
Can you imagine a 3D dinner? Ha ha. But I'm not sure if I find this so fascinating. It would really solve the problem of cooking, but it would take away from the joy of preparing special dishes.
Good point. I still think that a good homemade meal can't be replaced by technology.
Technology.
