Expansion, Unit 7, Competences for Life, the benefits of 3D printing in education.
The concept of materializing a physical object from a digital design has been significantly transformed by the 3D printer.
For instance, models of houses or bridges can be created and tested by engineers and architects using these printers.
What is more, as the costs associated with 3D printing gradually decrease, it can also be an important tool in education.
The use of this technology can improve creativity and innovation.
Students learn to identify needs, solve problems, and produce their own solutions, even becoming inventors.
One of the earliest projects was in Japan, where young children were involved in a collaboration between a multinational company and a startup company to create the digital housemaking program.
Houses were designed in the Minecraft game during IT lessons.
These could then be printed into 3D buildings by the students.
Secondary school students have been involved in a wide range of impressive projects using 3D printers.
Valuable lessons can be taught by creating physical models that illustrate concepts in STEM subjects, encouraging hands-on learning and improving understanding.
3D models of molecules or geometric shapes can be used to explain complex ideas in maths and science,
while artefacts, historic buildings and even villages can be printed during history lessons to help students think about how people used to live.
More recently, students have worked together to design and 3D print a scale model of a community park, complete with playground equipment and walking paths.
A growing number of countries are integrating 3D printing into school programs as a way of offering the next generation of working adults the best innovative technological instruments.
Fun facts about 3D printing
It is older than the Internet.
The first 3D printer appeared in 1983, just a year after the first CD.
It saves lives.
It saves lives.
3D printers are used to make prostheses, surgical instruments and even organ models for training preparation for complex operations.
It has left the Earth.
3D printers are used by NASA to create tools and spare parts in space.
It is loved in Hollywood.
3D printers are used in the film industry to create props like weapons, statues, food and equipment.
