Expansion in Valsi Training 2. Exercise 4. Example.
Police are looking for information after an award-winning poet went missing at a rural music festival.
The 27-year-old from South London was expected to perform at the event on Sunday, but didn't arrive.
He was last seen wearing a red and white striped gilet and black trousers.
For more than a decade, Rex has assisted firefighters in Hertfordshire with 500 fire investigations.
But it is time for the 11-year-old black Labrador to put his paws up and relax.
He is finally retiring and will now be looked after by his handler, Nicky.
Omar Terrywall has helped return over 500 bikes to their owners, using the power of social media.
He says that Cambridge bike thieves will now be forced to change their behaviour if they don't want to see their photos posted on social media.
News Item 3.
An artificial intelligence camera system caught almost 300 drivers breaking the law in just a few days.
Police have been experimenting with this new technology to send a clear message to anyone who continues to use their mobile phone while driving.
News Item 4.
A cyber attack on the City Council is stopping the Gloucester Museum from accessing its artefact database.
The museum's database is normally used to create exhibitions at the venue.
Luckily, the local culture councillor said no records have been lost.
News Item 5.
A member of a famous crime family has offered his help to look for a suspected escaped lioness.
But local zoos and circuses say no animals have escaped.
Last December, the same man had posted a video on social media of himself and a tiger with the caption,
My new favourite pet.
This has led police to investigate the case.
News Item 6.
Jessica Randall discovered that a burglar had tried to break into her home by watching the recording of her video door camera.
After this, Miss Randall decided to start a YouTube channel that shows security doorbell videos and has already attracted 397 million viewers.
London's Metropolitan Police admit they have often had crimes solved by using video doorbell footage.
News Item 7.
Hertfordshire Council's Community Safety Cabinet is waiting for the police annual report to see if cybercrime has increased in their county.
Their crime commissioner asked everyone who had received suspicious emails and had been a victim of hacking and fraud to report it to the police.
