Growth, Unit 8, Presentation and Practice 1, Bookworms Book Club.
Hi, everyone. I'm obsessed with a romantic novel I've recently read for my English class.
The title of the book is Pride and Prejudice, and the author is a famous English novelist, Jane Austen.
What is it about? The plot revolves around the Bennett family.
The setting is the English countryside at the beginning of the 19th century.
One day, Mr. Bingley, a wealthy single man, moves into a grand house in the neighbourhood called Netherfield Park,
together with his friend Darcy, a rich aristocrat.
Mrs. Bennett, who has five unmarried daughters, is thrilled at the idea of one of her daughters marrying a wealthy man.
Oh, the Bennett girls must have felt really upset at the idea of marrying for money and not for love.
All the characters meet at a local ball. Jane, one of the Bennett sisters, and Mr. Bingley immediately fancy each other,
while Jane's sister Elizabeth instantly dislikes Darcy because he refuses to dance with her.
How rude of him. He should have danced with her.
The arrival of the boring Mr. Collins, a cousin of the Bennets, complicates things.
He will inherit the Bennett estate and intends to marry one of the Bennett girls.
He proposes to Elizabeth.
She can't have agreed to marry him if she didn't love him.
No, in fact, she rejects him.
Then, Mr. Collins proposes to Charlotte, Elizabeth's best friend, who accepts because she wants to have a home of her own.
Really? She shouldn't have married him if she weren't in love.
During this time, Elizabeth meets Wickham, a charming officer,
while Mr. Bingley suddenly leaves the neighbourhood, breaking Jane's heart.
Poor Jane. She must have been really upset.
Elizabeth later visits her friend Charlotte and meets Mr. Darcy again.
He confesses his love to her and proposes proudly, so she rejects him.
He should have been more polite. Perhaps she might have accepted.
Darcy writes a letter where he regrets interfering in Jane and Bingley's relationship.
Elizabeth's opinion of Darcy changes when he helps resolve a crisis involving Elizabeth's sister, Lydia,
who had run away with Wickham.
Well, it all seems very complicated.
You're right, but it's a real page-turner.
Don't you think that if Darcy had been less proud and Elizabeth less prejudiced, they could have been happy together?
Well, actually, the story ends with...
Don't spoil it for me. I'm going to read it.
Let's just hope it has a happy ending.
