Growth. Unit 8. Competences for life. Exercises 6 and 7.
Molly. I'm not one for going to museums or art galleries. I might have been more interested
if it hadn't been such an issue in my family. Me and my two sisters were taken to see so many
boring old buildings and museums that seemed lost in a past we didn't recognise. I think my parents
should have explained the background a bit better. There was one great exception, however.
On a visit to Rome, I saw Michelangelo's Pietà for the first time. I was on my own and quite overwhelmed.
It must have been so difficult to create that delicate, beautiful piece out of marble.
Mary's face looked so sad in the sculpture. She looked as if she had lost all hope.
It sounds like a cliché, but I suddenly realised that the famous saying is true.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever.
I grew up in a very creative family. My dad is an artist and became a successful sculptor,
and my stepmother is a novelist. With so much creativity around, it would have been hard not
to be affected by art. In fact, the house was full of interesting books and unfinished paintings
or bits of statues. Some paintings were full of bright colours and made me feel happy and optimistic about life,
but others were dark and gave me feelings of anxiety. Luckily, my mum is a cook,
and I think her kind of creativity is the best because we can taste, smell and enjoy the food,
whatever it looks like.
I recently had an amazing experience. I went to an immersive art exhibition. In fact, I loved it so much,
I went to two. The first featured a contemporary British artist, David Hockney. There were six of his
paintings, each displayed digitally in a room with background music and the artist's voice guiding you
through the experience. The other was at a London gallery, where Van Gogh's most famous pieces were
projected over two floors with beautiful soundscapes, pleasing to the eye but also to your ears and mind.
I think the artist himself might have been thrilled to see it. I love these new ways of enjoying art.
