Growth. Unit 9. Presentation and practice 1. Eco-issues. It's up to you.
Our planet is stunning. Visit our website and find out how to take care of Mother Earth.
You will be surprised to find all the information you need to start making a difference.
Rainforests at risk. The hot and humid climate of the rainforests encourages a complex ecosystem
where animals find a variety of habitats. Some live at the top of the tallest trees,
while others live on the ground or even below the surface. Human presence can easily upset the
delicate balance of nature. People cut down vast areas of forests to sell the timber or to clear
areas as the growing population needs more land. Oceans of plastic. Recent studies have shown that
the amount of plastic rubbish reaching the oceans each year is between 1 million and 1.7 million tons.
Once plastic has been produced, it does not disappear. This means that all the plastic ever made is still
in existence on our planet. In the sea, plastic gradually breaks up into smaller pieces, but collects in
certain areas. There are beaches on Pacific Islands that are covered in multicolored sands. Looking closely at the
green-colored grains of sand, you soon realize that they are tiny fragments of plastic that have been washed ashore.
Renewable energy. Are you interested in finding out about renewable energy? Read here to find out more.
Renewable sources of energy. Renewable sources of energy are important because they don't emit the gases causing climate change.
Fossil fuels, such as coal, oil and gas, currently make up most of the world's energy use.
The trouble is that when fossil fuels are burned, for example to make electricity or to run our cars,
carbon dioxide is released back into the atmosphere, where it contributes to the greenhouse effect.
This makes the temperature of the world rise. What we call global warming.
The other problem with fossil fuels is that they will soon run out. We need to look for alternatives.
Let's hope we can succeed in making renewable energy cheaper and available on a larger scale.
Going green is easier than you think.
Listen to our podcasts to find out what you can do every day to reduce pollution and help the environment.
Have your say.
Do you want to say what you think we can do to save our planet?
Create a short video clip to share with our community.
