Growth, Unit 9, Competencies for Life, Exercises 6 and 7.
Welcome to Nature.
Today is the third Friday in May and it's Endangered Species Day,
so we're going to dedicate our programme to endangered marine species.
Our special guest is marine biologist Dr Anne Spencer.
So, Anne, where do we start with this topic?
Hello everyone and yes, good question.
As you all know, we are very concerned about the state of our oceans.
Pollution and problems caused by climate change, like rising sea levels,
are causing an environmental crisis.
Plastic waste makes up 80% of all marine pollution.
That's truly awful. No wonder the marine life is suffering.
Many marine species are affected, including whales, sharks, turtles, seals and more.
Which is the most endangered marine species?
I would say the vaquita.
This is the world's rarest sea mammal and one of the most endangered animals in the world.
The name means little cow in Spanish and they are a unique species of porpoise,
which is a small whale, with teeth and a round head.
I've never heard of them. Where do they live and why are they endangered?
They are found in the Gulf of California.
Overfishing in this area is causing an annual reduction of 15%.
In fact, some reports say there are only a dozen left in the world.
I find that very frightening.
Absolutely. Is there any other particular species you'd like to tell us about?
There's also concern for the hawksbill turtle.
This turtle lives in the Atlantic, the Indian and the Pacific Oceans.
In the last 30 years, its population has declined by at least 80%.
Is this the same old story of humans interfering with nature?
Unfortunately, yes. It's a consequence of several problems.
Some turtles are caught in fishing nets, but there's also the degradation of their habitat and damage to the coral reefs.
Hmm. Is there any good news?
The good news is that people are becoming more aware of the serious dangers to the marine environment
and governments are adopting protective legislation.
It's not enough. In fact, it's just a drop in the ocean.
But it's a start.
The good news is that people are becoming more aware of the ocean.
It's a start.
