Growth. Unit 10. Presentation and practice 2. Exercises 5 and 6.
Good evening and welcome to a special edition of Making a Difference. Today we're talking about
four extraordinary young people who are doing as much as they can to improve the world.
First, we have Autumn Peltier, a 20-year-old water activist from Canada. When she was 8,
she discovered that a neighboring indigenous community couldn't drink their tap water because
of pollution. She became involved in the battle for clean water access for indigenous peoples in
Canada. She made speeches at the United Nations and other international conferences about the
importance of water protection and got many people to sign petitions. It's quite impressive, isn't it?
Next, we have Zeril Odawale, born in 2002, a Nigerian-American filmmaker and education activist.
When she was only 9, she interviewed famous world leaders about education for a school project.
Since then, she has campaigned to let girls in Africa have better access to education.
Incredible! And she's been recognized on a global scale, hasn't she?
You're absolutely right. Now, let's talk about Marlee Diaz, 19, an American activist famous for the
hashtag 1,000 black girl books campaign. And she launched it at a young age, didn't she?
Yes, she was only 11. The goal of this campaign was to collect and donate to schools 1,000 books with
black female protagonists in just a few months. The story went viral, and millions of people wanted to
participate in this project. Hashtag 1,000 black girl books has let places such as schools and libraries
have thousands of these books. And now, let's talk about Jerome Foster II, a young African-American
climate activist and entrepreneur. He's one of the main organizers of the Fridays for Future movement,
which has weekly protest strikes outside the White House. He's also the founder of One Million of Us,
a nonprofit organization that encourages young people to educate themselves about issues like climate change,
social justice, and the importance of voting. It does a wonderful job in making young people become more aware.
Finally, let's hear your advice for young people who want to get involved in social issues.
I'd say believe that you can really make changes happen. So, always do your best. You're never too young to make a difference, are you?
you
