Growth. Unit 10. Competences for life. Equality for minorities.
The rights of minorities living in English-speaking countries like Canada, the United States, Australia and the United Kingdom reflect important aspects of human rights and social justice.
All individuals, regardless of their race, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation or any other characteristic, should be treated with dignity, equality and respect.
This means that everyone should have freedom of expression, assembly and association as well as equal access to education, healthcare, employment and housing.
It also means protecting minority groups from discrimination, prejudice, hate crimes and any other type of violence or persecution.
In Canada, Indigenous peoples have made constant efforts to obtain recognition of their ancestral lands, political representation and the conservation of their cultures.
In February 2023, at an NBA All-Star Game, the Canadian singer Jolly Black changed one word of the national anthem from
Oh Canada, Our Home and Native Land to Our Home on Native Land to focus attention on the rights of Indigenous people who lived on the land before Europeans arrived.
She was praised by young Inuits like Eva and Kai.
Eva is an 18-year-old artist from Aviat who is trying to exhibit her work in art galleries and markets outside her community.
Kai is a 19-year-old activist for climate action.
He wishes his views were taken seriously by the Canadian government.
Over in Australia, Indigenous people have higher rates of unemployment and poverty and lower levels of education.
They also face discrimination and poorer health.
The country has recently rejected a referendum proposal to recognise Aboriginal peoples in the country's constitution
and establish a body to advise parliament on Indigenous issues.
Aboriginal teens have shown great resilience and the desire to overcome difficulties.
Aaron, a 16-year-old boy from Alice Springs, has always dreamt of becoming a doctor.
However, the lack of quality education and resources in his community have been obstacles.
To overcome these problems, he looked for online educational resources and formed study groups with other community members,
organising weekly sessions where young people help each other.
He has also started fundraising to provide educational materials and scholarships for local students.
English-speaking countries should create inclusive environments where every individual, whatever their background,
can freely express themselves and fully participate in society.
This means encouraging dialogue between Native peoples and the wider community,
making sure everyone has a voice.
