Growth. B1 Preliminary Training 3. Exercise 9. Listening. Part 4.
Good morning everyone and a warm welcome to Forster, our expert nutritionist.
Since 1900, the Earth's population has increased from 1.6 billion to around 8 billion.
This has obviously had a huge impact on food production.
How can we manage to feed everybody?
A serious problem has certainly been caused by this increase in population.
How should all these people be fed?
This growth has obviously created huge challenges.
It's becoming increasingly important to find sustainable sources of food.
Meat has always been an important part of many people's diet.
Is it true that intense cattle farming has caused terrible damage to the environment?
Definitely. They release methane gas, which contributes to global warming.
Some say we need to start eating insects if the planet is to be saved. Do you agree?
It might sound strange, but bugs have been part of the human diet for thousands of years.
Have they?
Insects are eaten regularly by 2 billion people as a source of protein.
There are over 2,000 varieties of edible insects.
And there's something for all tastes.
They are highly nutritious.
Caterpillars, for example, provide more protein and more iron than the same weight of beef.
Do you really believe that people's tastes might be trained to eat new foods?
Just think that the idea of eating raw fish was alien to Western society.
But now, sushi has been introduced into many people's diets.
Scorpions are eaten in China.
Do you know what they taste like?
They are said to taste slightly fishy.
Spiders, which are enjoyed in the Cambodian diet, seem to taste like crab.
And bugs have a delicate apple flavour.
I simply can't see why we should get people to eat something they find disgusting.
Meat is delicious.
And a bug burger could never taste like a beef burger.
If bugs were introduced into school lunch menus, children may decide to go hungry.
Think of it another way.
A cow needs to be fed 7 kilograms of food for every kilo of beef it produces.
Insects are cheaper to produce, and farming them causes less damage to the environment.
But this makes me think that there is already an environmentally friendly diet that doesn't involve eating insects.
You mean vegetarianism, don't you?
But that's a completely different matter.
Thank you, Forster.
I wish we could discuss vegetarianism, but we've run out of time.
And now, listeners, please tell us what you think.
Call in to vote yes if you think that insects should be included in our diets.
Or no if you disagree.
We'll give you the results of our phone-in vote during next week's programme.
So, stay tuned.
