Growth. In Valsi Training 3. The Scottish Youth Parliament.
History. 1994. In November 1994, the National Youth Work Conference recommended the creation of a Scottish Youth Council, SYC.
1997. A referendum was held in Scotland to decide if the country should have its own government.
The following year, the Scotland Act established a Scottish government and a Scottish Parliament.
1999. Henry MacLeish, a Minister of State for Scotland, approved the Constitution of the Scottish Youth Parliament, SYP,
which was officially launched on 30 June 1999, one day before the official opening of the Scottish Parliament.
Mission and Values.
The SYP is the democratically elected voice of Scotland's young people.
It is a rights-based organisation, independent from all political parties and passionate about making young people aware of their rights.
It is committed to being truly inclusive so that the members of the Parliament, MSYPs, may reflect the diversity of Scotland's young people.
The MSYPs work together to get policymakers and politicians to hear the voices of all young people from every community and background in Scotland.
SYP's Manifesto 2021-2026.
From Scotland's Young People Manifesto is designed to help young people and decision-makers find out what issues are most important to Scotland's youth.
All of the requests in our manifesto come directly from young people aged 12 to 25.
MSYPs also welcome blogs and vlogs from a wide range of young people across the country.
National Campaign Priorities.
This year, MSYPs have selected four themes from the Youth Manifesto as national campaign priorities.
Right to food.
Climate crisis.
Drug misuse as a public health issue.
Educational achievement.
Become an MSYP.
Becoming an MSYP is a life-changing experience.
You will be trained to become a leader, gain confidence, learn new skills, and meet other inspiring young people.
Young people living in Scotland, aged 14 to 25 at the time of the election, will be able to stand as an MSYP candidate.
Voting will vary across the country, but most young people aged 12 to 25 will be able to vote for their favourite candidates.
Voting will vary across the country, and will be able to vote for their young Scott card.
