Growth. In Valsi Training 3. Exercise 4.
Anya Butler, a 16-year-old poet from California, has become a passionate activist for climate justice and racial equality.
She uses her writing to draw attention to some of the most important issues Gen Z faces today.
Anya's journey started in junior high school.
She was mainly focused on writing poetry about police brutality in her Oakland community.
She didn't initially see the direct connection between her work and environmental issues,
but she later realized that climate change was having a big effect on her community.
So, she started exploring environmental racism.
This happens when issues like pollution and lack of clean water have a bigger impact on poorer communities and minority groups.
Anya saw this happening in her neighborhood, with high asthma rates among poor families and black and brown communities.
This is when she decided to join the Youth vs. Apocalypse, a group of young climate activists working to protect the planet.
She wishes she could contribute to demanding both climate and racial justice through her actions in art.
Poetry is the foundation of her work as an activist.
She started writing at 8 and performing her poems on stage at 10.
She says that this art form lets her express her own ideas about making the world a better place for herself and her community.
For Anya, poetry is not just a tool for change, but also a means of staying mentally healthy.
As a poet, Anya's favorite poem is Wide-Eyed Black Girl, in which she explains the connection between climate change, police violence, and social justice.
As an activist, Anya's proudest achievement was when she succeeded in leading a no-coal protest in Oakland against the building of a coal terminal in the area.
Since she was a child, she has always wanted to become a doctor, so she would like to pursue a career in a medical field in the future.
But she also wishes she could get a job that lets her support others in their activism.
Anya says she draws inspiration from the young people she works with and from the adult collaborators.
Their involvement gives her hope and the energy to keep on fighting for positive change.
