Growth. Active Citizenship Lab 3. Lesson 1. Are you sure you recycle properly?
The biggest problem with recycling is that many people do not know how to recycle properly.
The European Commission requires that all packaging must be labelled with codes, numbers and acronyms inside a recycling symbol.
Let's find out what they mean.
Plastic. Unfortunately, not all plastic items can be recycled.
If you see the numbers 1, 2 or 5 inside the recycling symbol, it means that these types of plastic are the easiest to recycle.
The numbers 3, 4 and 6 indicate plastics which are hard to recycle.
Number 7 refers to all other plastic types which are usually not recyclable.
If there is no special collection programme for these items in your area, they must go to the landfill.
Paper. Like plastic, there are many different types of paper.
Numbers 20 to 21 refer to cardboard, used for boxes and packaging.
Number 22 indicates paper used for newsprint, magazines, paper bags, gift wrap, etc.
Number 23 refers to paperboard used for book covers, greeting cards, etc.
Do not place the paper, packaging with food residues and shopping receipts, since they are made of a type of paper that can't be recycled.
And what about Tetra Pak containers?
They can be placed in paper or plastic recycling bins depending on the town.
Steel is identified with the code 40FE and aluminium with 41ALU.
Both metals are widely recycled and can be put into a mixed metal recycling container.
But remember, wash food tins or drink cans and tins before recycling.
Metal containers which contained toxic substances can't be placed in recycling bins.
Many types of glass containers can be recycled or reused many times, but others can't.
Numbers 70 to 72 indicate clear, green and brown glass, used for bottles, jars and food containers, that are 100% recyclable.
Numbers 73 to 79 refer to other types of glass, such as mirrors, porcelain or ceramic plates, hyrex items, light bulbs, etc.,
which should always be taken to special collection points, if available, or thrown in general waste.
Other waste
Batteries, electronics, medicines, light bulbs and toys cannot go into any recycling containers.
Check local centres for disposal options.
Remember, always check with your local council as regulations may vary.
Don't throw away your future.
Don't throw away your future.
