Profile your competencies. Reading comprehension. Haunted destinations.
If you are looking for a haunted place to get you into the spirit of Halloween, these locations will chill you to the bone.
The picturesque village of Pluckley in the peaceful Kent countryside is widely considered one of the spookiest places in England.
About 15 different ghosts have been reported to reside in the village, so it is easy to understand why it has become so popular among ghost hunters hoping to spot one of them.
There are many ghostly tales involving Pluckley. The most famous is perhaps that of the Watercress woman.
Some visitors have reported seeing her sitting on Pinnock Bridge smoking her pipe.
The elderly woman used to make a living gathering a tasty plant called Watercress from the river to sell at the market.
It is said that one evening she was so drunk that she fell asleep.
Her pipe dropped onto her clothing and caused a fire that killed her.
They say she still haunts Pinnock Bridge in the shape of a pink glow flying in the air above the spot where she died.
Lots of tourists have visited Pluckley hoping to capture evidence of spirits.
In the 1970s, a group asked to spend the night in the village church of St. Nicholas.
They brought cameras and tape recorders with them to document the experience.
When the church vicar came to visit the following morning, the group told him they were very disappointed because nothing had happened during the night.
Only the vicar's dog had come to visit them a few times.
The vicar exclaimed that he did not have a dog.
The ancient Ram Inn in Gloucestershire has the decaying and spooky atmosphere of a haunted house.
The inn was built in 1145 and stands on top of two ley lines.
These are straight lines which connected ancient sites like Stonehenge and were supposed to draw spiritual energy from them.
Therefore, it is not surprising that the inn is well known for paranormal events and scary experiences such as freezing temperatures and a creaking building.
The inn's most celebrated ghostly inhabitant is a woman who was believed to be a witch in the 16th century.
She hid at the inn to escape the witch hunts, but she was eventually captured.
However, it is believed that her spirit still inhabits the room where she used to stay.
The inn can be visited only on selected days and individual guided tours can be arranged.
Please note that this place may not be suitable for children.
