B1 Preliminary Practice Test Listening Part 3
You will hear an expert in advertising explaining to a group of students how to write a brochure to promote their school during open days.
When you wish to promote a product, in this case your school, choosing the right words and layout is extremely important.
So, use the following tips to help you write an effective leaflet.
First of all, look at other advertisements for schools that are similar to yours.
Think about what they offer and consider how you can make your advert stand out from the crowd.
Decide whether to write the leaflet yourself or ask your teachers to help you improve your content.
Clarify the goal of your advertisement.
For example, you may wish to include the services and facilities that families would be interested in.
Think about your target audience. In your case, secondary school pupils.
Try to imagine what type of extra activities or after-school clubs families would like to know about.
Make an effort to include all relevant pieces of information about these activities in your flyer.
Introduce one or two key benefits which might set your school apart from competing schools.
These could include your open-air swimming pool, football pitch or the well-equipped language labs.
Write a short slogan or an attention-grabbing headline.
For example, you could ask an interesting question that would make readers want to come and visit your school.
In advertisements, it is important to use simple, clear language with information that is easy to read.
Flyers should have high-quality photos that attract the reader's attention.
Include a photo with an interesting caption in your invitation to the open-day activities and give full contact details including your website URL, school address and phone number.
These are useful details for those who wish to contact you and find out more about the school or who want to request more information.
Finally, hang a large, colourful billboard outside the school during open days to attract families living in the neighbourhood.
Now listen again.
