B1 Preliminary Practice Test. Listening. Part 4.
You will hear a radio interview with Professor Hawke about pet therapy.
If you own a dog or a cat, you probably don't need scientific studies to tell you what you
already know. Your pet makes you feel better. Pets seem to know what you're feeling and pick
you up when you're feeling down. That's common wisdom. But does science have anything to add
to the subject? Let's ask today's guest, Professor Hawke, to tell us about the benefits of pet therapy.
First of all, pet therapy is also referred to as animal-assisted therapy or AAT. Trained
animals are used to help people who are suffering from health problems. It can be useful for people
in hospitals or those undergoing long medical treatment at home. In rehabilitation, people
may be more motivated to recover and practice their therapy when working with a pet.
What are the benefits of pet therapy for young people?
Pet therapy can offer many benefits to teenagers. It has been proven to release feel-good hormones that
have a calming and relaxing effect. This can help reduce pain, stress and improve the patient's general
psychological state. By interacting with a friendly pet, a patient can achieve great results and faster than
with some other types of therapy. That's because it's easier for a child or teenager to build a close
relationship with an animal. How are animals selected and trained? Well, generally speaking, fish, guinea pigs, horses, dolphins and other animals can all be suitable therapy animals. But dogs and cats are most commonly used in pet therapy. The type of animal, its size,
age, behaviour and breed are all important considerations when choosing the right animal for each patient.
The type of animal is a child. The type of animal is a child. The type of animal has a child. The type of animal chosen has a lot to do with what sort of help the patient needs. For example, a teenager who is allergic to animal fur may be advised to work with dolphins.
So how exactly does an animal get a pet therapy? The first step in pet therapy is the selection of a suitable animal. Older dogs usually make the best therapy animals as they are less excitable and know basic obedience better than younger dogs. The process typically includes a physical examination of the animal to confirm that it's healthy, an obedience training course and an instructional course to teach the
the trainer about interaction with other people. To be a good therapy animal, your dog must be friendly to
the dog should be friendly to all kinds of people, but always remain quiet and calm in a variety of environments. The dog should enjoy being touched by
the dog should enjoy being touched by strangers, especially children. Finally, the animal and its handler can both
receive their pet therapy license.
The dog should be friendly to the dog.
