Foundation, Unit 2. Walkable cities are the answer.
Experts have been studying for decades how to reduce the impact of pollution in cities and improve citizens' lives.
One of the answers is rethinking urban spaces and reducing the use of cars.
In other words, it means making cities more walkable, creating, for example, pavements, pedestrian zones and efficient public transport.
Unfortunately, this is not the case in most cities.
A recent study by the Institute for Transportation and Development Policy has found that cars still influence life and movement in the majority of cities all over the world.
However, there are places where pedestrians have priority.
The researchers created a list of most walkable cities.
It includes, for example, Hong Kong, London, Bogota and Paris.
To create this list, researchers evaluated different factors, such as closeness to car-free places or to healthcare and education and the size of neighbourhoods.
Size is important because when a neighbourhood is too big, it becomes harder for people to reach their destination on foot.
Increasing the number of walkable cities is important to cut transport emissions, improve the health of the inhabitants and even build stronger local communities.
The 20-minute neighbourhood is a similar approach that has been encouraging sustainability and wellbeing in cities and towns.
It literally means that it must be easy for people to reach the facilities and services they require for their daily needs by walking for 20 minutes,
10 minutes to arrive at their destination and 10 to go back.
According to this philosophy, services like the chemists, the primary school, the post office and the supermarket need to be close, which also implies living locally and not having to drive to buy bread or medicine.
Some readers may believe such neighbourhoods haven't been created yet, but this is actually happening.
Urban planners have been working following these ideas for some years now.
In Melbourne, Australia, they have already started building new areas of the city like this.
While in Scotland, the City Council of the Capital, Edinburgh, has approved a plan to create a number of 20-minute neighbourhoods by 2030.
