Core, Unit 4. Is walking barefoot good for you?
What if the secret of being in good health lies at the bottom of your feet?
Walking barefoot has been popular for some years now, and recently it has also been trending on the web,
where we can see more and more photos of people walking without shoes, even in cities.
Although there may be dangers in doing so, there may be also some real benefits.
In fact, there is some science behind it.
Some researchers say it can be a good way to improve your well-being.
The most important benefits include better balance and control of your body,
stronger leg and foot muscles, and increased blood circulation.
Some branches of alternative medicine call it grounding, or earthing, because your feet are in direct contact with the ground.
They say that modern societies have lost their connection to the earth,
and people should walk barefoot to improve their physical and mental health.
The idea is that if we walked more like our ancestors did, we would feel better.
According to some studies, this can be a therapeutic technique,
and if you do it on a regular basis on a natural surface, such as grass,
it helps reduce stress and sleep problems.
Some supporters believe we shouldn't limit this practice to walking,
and they encourage natural or barefoot running.
Some runners are actually choosing to run barefoot or use minimalist footwear,
light shoes that look like gloves for the feet.
In 2019, British adventurer and athlete Anna McNuff ran the distance of 90 marathons through Britain in her bare feet.
It was a challenge that received a lot of media attention.
Some experts are warning of the possible risks of walking barefoot.
American newspapers and magazines have started publishing more articles on the topic,
since journalists noticed it had become a trend on social media.
I have told some of my patients they had better consider the danger
when walking barefoot on dirty surfaces and on the asphalt of city streets.
If they don't wear shoes, they won't be protected against heat, sharp objects, insects, germs, and infections,
podiatrist Shanna Martin says.
She also warns against barefoot running.
It can be risky.
If I were a runner, I would choose minimalist shoes instead.
Dr. Michael Safner explains,
There has been a lot of research about the benefits of walking barefoot,
but you ought to remember this.
If you choose to do it, find a safe environment.
