Core. B1 Preliminary Training 1. Exercise 2. Listening. Part 2.
1. You will hear a woman talking to her grandson about mobile payments.
I'm 75 now and have used banknotes and coins all my life.
Oh, come on, Grandma. Paying by mobile isn't difficult. Let me show you.
Go on, then.
First, we need to link your mobile phone to your credit card.
You can use the camera on the phone to scan your card. See? It's a piece of cake.
Now that my card is connected, what do I do to pay?
At the cash desk, unlock your phone by placing your thumb on the fingerprint sensor, then hold it over the contactless reader.
I can't believe it. It's super easy.
2. You will hear two friends talking about their holidays.
Hi, how was your summer?
Cool, but expensive. I went to Paris for a week. It cost me a fortune.
I've just come back from Geneva, where I went to a rock music festival.
Sounds fantastic.
The music was fabulous. But the best thing was the camping site. It was cash-free.
When I got there, they gave me a rechargeable card where I put all the money I had with me.
What a great idea. That way, there was no chance of losing your cash.
Or of someone stealing it.
3. You will hear a man talking to a friend about a problem with his debit card.
What's up? You look a bit shaken.
I lost my debit card three days ago. What a nightmare.
Why? Didn't you call the bank to block it as soon as you realized it was missing?
Of course. It was the first thing I did. But I don't know how much time passed before I realized I'd lost it.
I had a lot of money in my account. I was worried sick.
Oh, I can imagine.
Luckily, the bank gave me a new card in a couple of days. I felt lost without it.
4. You will hear two friends talking about online shopping.
What are you doing?
I'm buying a pair of bright yellow rollerblades online.
Look at them. Aren't they amazing?
Well, they're certainly colorful.
I'm still a bit concerned about shopping and paying online.
Oh, you shouldn't worry. It's safe.
I always use my prepaid card and charge it with just the amount of money I need.
These rollerblades cost just £40.
And I have put £45 on my card because the delivery costs £5.
Cool. I'll try it.
I think I'll go to my bank right now and see if I can get a prepaid card.
5. You will hear a man talking to his niece about saving money.
Here you are. This is the money box I promised you.
Now you can start putting in it all the coins and banknotes you get as pocket money.
Thanks a lot. It's adorable.
I remember the first time I filled mine and counted how much was inside.
There's nothing like the feel of real money.
Do you still remember how much you saved?
Of course. £118. I was saving up for my first stereo to put in my room.
That's so cool. As soon as I have enough money, I'll buy a brand new tennis racket. Mine's old and a bit damaged.
That was a delicious meal, right?
One of the best. The main course was superb.
Shall we split the bill?
Do you mean go Dutch?
Of course. And with this new app we are using, sharing costs is easy.
That's right. All you need to do is write my username, the amount and a note.
Then you tap pay and the payment will get to me immediately, with no charge.
I love using it because it is so quick. It just takes seconds.
