Expansion, Unit 5, DNA Fingerprinting.
Administering justice is a complex affair.
It does not simply mean discovering if the accused is guilty or not,
but rather to determine the truth beyond reasonable doubt,
as those who work in crime and justice would say.
For this reason, in the past, lawyers and investigators looked for evidence
and relied on witnesses to establish what had really happened at a crime scene.
Luckily, nowadays, science and technology can help the legal process,
thanks to recent discoveries and innovative techniques like DNA fingerprinting.
Alec Jeffries discovered this technique in a laboratory
in the Department of Genetics at the University of Leicester back in 1984.
Two years later, it was used in a criminal investigation for the first time.
A suspect confessed he was responsible for two murders,
but the DNA tests proved that he had not committed those crimes.
If it hadn't been for DNA fingerprinting, an innocent man would have gone to prison.
The technique uses DNA samples, present in blood or saliva, for example,
that crime scene investigators find,
and that forensic scientists then compare with samples taken from the suspects
to see if they match.
Human beings have 99.5% of their DNA in common,
and so it is only 0.5% that differentiates them.
In the samples collected both at the crime scene and from the suspect,
it is that small percentage which is studied in detail.
To do this, first scientists create millions of copies of it,
thanks to a technique called polymerase chain reaction, abbreviated PCR,
and then they use electrophoresis to obtain a genetic fingerprint,
which they compare to that of the suspect.
If they are compatible, it means they match.
One might ask how accurate this technique is
and if it can be used to condemn a person to a long prison sentence.
On the other hand, what is certain in this field?
Even an eyewitness can make a mistake.
After all, human beings aren't perfect,
so isn't it better to rely on advanced technology?
DNA fingerprinting might not always tell us who committed the crime,
but at least it can help reduce the list of suspects.
