Expansion, Unit 6, Learning to Use Social Media
Teach Digital is an organisation that develops projects about social media for teenagers.
Their mission is to give young people support and encouragement,
because, according to their data, too many of them don't know how to have a safe and healthy experience on digital platforms.
Here are some of their projects.
Training first.
The Digital Gym started after the publication of a report in a magazine,
which revealed that most teens, and even some children,
began using social media without being aware of the benefits and dangers.
The article included stories of boys and girls as young as 9 years old,
who had created their profiles, even though the minimum age to sign up was 13.
Therefore, Teach Digital decided to launch a nationwide plan to increase social media literacy.
Schools and educational institutions are now partners in the project.
Kids between 10 and 12 years old learn while doing.
Lessons are fun and entertaining,
and deal with topics like how to navigate the web responsibly,
what the risks are,
how to spot fake news, and so on.
Currently, Teach Digital is also an active community,
where you can find support and exchange views and opinions.
Reading people's testimonies can open your eyes to the importance of sharing.
There are thousands of messages posted by grateful members.
Liam wrote that he had been through a tough time,
but he didn't feel alone after finding support in the community.
Jenny said she had to thank all the people that cheered her up
after she had read some insulting comments under her posts.
Teach Digital also has a help centre to deal with problems like online bullying and catfishing,
stealing someone's identity.
Doing your bit.
Become an upstander is the latest project developed by Teach Digital.
An upstander is a person that recognises that something is wrong
and intervenes to make it right.
Volunteers learn how to behave when they see online abuse,
which can be bullying, peer pressure, or any other negative behaviour on the web.
After they have identified abuse, upstanders speak out.
They respond to toxic users, report the abuse to the platforms,
and try to contact the person in need.
