Expansion, Unit 7, Telescopes and the Quest for Life in Outer Space
For lovers of outer space like me, there has recently been a huge development in terms of space observation.
The amazing Hubble Telescope, named after the astronomer Edwin Hubble, has now been surpassed by the James Webb Telescope.
But wait, first things first. Let me explain who Hubble and Webb were.
Hubble made an incredible discovery back in the 1920s.
He observed that galaxies further from the Earth seemed to move away faster.
His observation proved that we live in an expanding universe, and it also created the basis for the Big Bang Theory.
This theory affirms that the universe was formed thanks to a huge explosion of energy, and has been expanding ever since.
Unlike Hubble, who was an astronomer, James Webb was a NASA administrator and was in charge of the Apollo program, which sent men to the moon for the first time.
Now, let's get to the telescopes.
The innovative aspect of the Webb Telescope is that it detects infrared radiation, which makes it possible to study incredibly small astronomical objects that are very distant.
It orbits 1.5 million kilometers away from the Earth.
Can you imagine?
Can you imagine?
Can you imagine?
Moreover, it is far larger than the Hubble Telescope.
It is as tall as a three-story building, and as long as a tennis court.
More importantly, it has a much bigger mirror, which can explore farther into the universe to observe areas of the cosmos where stars and galaxies are born.
It is not the kind of gadget you can have delivered to your house, if that is what you are thinking.
You will never guess one of the fascinating projects the telescope is conducting.
It is looking for signs of life on other planets.
To do this, it is analyzing exoplanets, which are outside the solar system, but which, like our planet Earth, orbit a star.
The telescope will study them to see if they have conditions that support life.
Will we discover we are not the only life form any time soon?
Who knows?
What is sure is that if we do, our concept of existence will be completely transformed.
