Gross. Unit 8. Making art with waste.
Some years ago, I was in San Francisco, and I saw a huge bright red lotus flower in the distance.
It was moving, and it looked like a giant inflatable balloon.
It was actually an art object made of recycled plastic and designed by South Korean artist Che Chunkhwa.
It must have been the first time I had seen a great example of sustainable art.
I later found out that Che is well known in the art world.
He often works with everyday objects that people throw away, transforming them into beautiful creations, and he encourages us to think about our consumer society.
I was so inspired by his work that I did some research on other sustainable artists.
Here are the ones whose works have impressed me.
Barefooted Welder.
This Australian-based artist turns the metal he finds in landfills into amazing sculptures.
His sculptures look like fantastic giant creatures.
A tiger, a seahorse, a mermaid, and even a kangaroo wearing glasses.
He uses second-hand materials and gives his installations a deep dimension.
This is precisely what I love.
Nick Gentry.
Artists have been proving that any type of waste can be used.
What about the electronics in our lives?
How many CDs and technological devices have we thrown away over the years?
We shouldn't have done it.
The British artist Nick Gentry is famous for his large-scale portraits made with old cassettes, film negatives, and tapes.
Sometimes he even asks members of the public to send him their old items, creating in this way a collective work of art.
My favourite piece by Gentry is the portrait of a young woman made with old floppy disks.
Very cool.
Aurora Robson.
All materials can become art, and plastic is what Project Vortex has decided to use.
They are an international group of architects, artists, and designers that work with plastic waste.
The project was founded by Aurora Robson, an artist who creates abstract hanging sculptures inspired by nature.
When I first saw the photographs of her works, I thought they couldn't be real.
They looked amazing.
After she had read that we are only able to recycle less than 9% of plastic worldwide, Aurora started looking for the plastic for her work on beaches and in rubbish bins.
She decided to create inspiring pieces with recovered plastic.
She said at that moment, it seemed as if she had to do something to bring attention to this emergency.
As the proverb says, one man's trash is another man's treasure.
