Growth, Unit 9, SOS from the Port of Southampton.
I live in Southampton, Britain's second largest port, located on the English Channel.
Cruise ships that pass by Britain often stop here to allow holidaymakers to visit the area and to refuel or get provisions.
Between April 2022 and July 2023, there were about 300 days when at least one cruise ship visited our port.
Many of you could say that it is good for the local economy as tourists spend money in the area, but do they really?
These are mostly tourists who eat and sleep on board, so they contribute little to the city's economy.
On the other hand, think of the vast damage the ships cause to the environment with their harmful emissions.
They emit sulfur oxides, and a single cruise ship leaves a carbon footprint, a measure of the amount of carbon dioxide that a person or company produces, that is greater than the one emitted by 12,000 cars.
What is more, the heavy anchors leave deep marks on the seabed, destroying marine life and ecosystems.
What can be done to solve this problem?
Not allowing ships to stop, as they have decided to do in Venice?
To most people, that seems an extreme solution, as Southampton does not have the fragile natural environment the Italian city has.
A more practical solution is to make cruise ships use cleaner, onshore power offered by large ports like Southampton.
This means that while ships are in port, they can plug into the electric power provided by port facilities and switch off their own engines.
Apparently, though, not all cruise ships have been adapted to use it, and what is more, it is more expensive.
Therefore, cruise companies prefer their ships to use gas oil or liquefied natural gas, LNG, both of which contribute to greenhouse gas emissions.
I think we all have a duty to protect our marine environment.
This is why a large group of local school students in Southampton is organising a protest march to demand that only cruise ships that can use onshore power offered by our port are allowed to stop.
Are you ready to join our protest march?
Yes.
