Growth. Unit 10. Encouraging women's participation.
Women represent over 50% of the world's population. However, despite being the majority,
they are underrepresented in politics. Global statistics show that there are fewer female
political leaders than male ones, and in some countries, women find voting difficult because
of practical obstacles or cultural prejudices. Here are some initiatives in different cities
and countries that have tried to reverse the trend and encourage women's participation.
A. Mentoring is the key. In Portugal, they developed a programme that put together a female mentor
and a mentee, that is to say, an experienced politician and an aspiring one.
The first phase consisted of a meeting where strategies and timing were discussed. Then,
under the supervision of an expert team, the mentor and the mentee had 12 months to get to know each
other and develop a joint project. B. Schools of Politics.
There are several political academies around the world which offer academic and practical training to
women who are considering participating in politics but don't feel quite ready. They can do courses on a wide range of subjects, like human rights, media and the press, depending on the single school.
C. Students practice real-time. It's engaging and I wish I had done it earlier, says 30-year-old Rebecca, who is attending a course on women and political leadership in Washington, USA. Some schools also organise conferences and visits to parliaments.
C. Inspiring young girls. Women political leaders. A global network of women politicians has organised several initiatives, like #girl2leader, which was a social media campaign and also a series of events aimed at adolescent girls.
C. Inspiring young girls. There were several meetings with female experts and politicians who are making a difference in society. The idea behind these projects is to provide effective role models for young girls, so that they can learn to believe in themselves and their potential. Young girls in the audience are indeed encouraged to ask questions and express their view on critical issues.
D. Equal representation. Gender quotas have been a hot potato for decades. Should parties and institutions reserve seats for women? If they already do so, should they increase the number of female candidates previously established? Some workshops have taken place recently in several countries, from Slovenia to India. The focus of these meetings was the announcement of the event.
D. Equal representation. There was an analysis of advantages and disadvantages of these measures, and there were analysts who showed data and engaged participants in a debate on gender inclusion and gender balance.
