Growth, Unit 10, Exercise 31.
Hawaii is like heaven on earth, isn't it?
We usually consider Hawaii a wonderful holiday destination,
a place tourists go to for the sun and the surf.
However, there's much more to these beautiful islands.
For example, did you know that 10% of the population of the archipelago is native Hawaiian?
They've got their own language and their own traditional customs.
There was renewed interest in Hawaiian culture in the 1970s
when more and more people realized how much their traditions defined their identity.
And now, they're calling for more official recognition and rights.
Their culture celebrates the link between man and nature, the sea and the mountains.
Their respect for the environment has often been in conflict with the needs of the tourism industry,
which, over the years, has caused problems, such as deforestation and the destruction of the natural ecosystem.
Tourism isn't the only threat, though.
A few years ago, native Hawaiian activists made scientists block the construction of a huge telescope on Mauna Kea,
a dormant volcano which is considered a sacred site.
Mauna Kea means white mountain in the local language, and, according to their religious beliefs,
the volcano was the first child of the Earth Mother and the Sky Father during the creation of the world.
The history of native Hawaiians goes back a long way.
Originally, they were Polynesians who had migrated on small canoes from the South Pacific.
Captain Cook was the first European to arrive in Hawaii in 1778.
For most of the 19th century, Hawaii was an independent nation,
and towards the end of the century, it was a kingdom ruled by a queen.
After political unrest caused the fall of the monarchy,
Hawaii was annexed by the United States of America and became a U.S. state in 1898.
Nowadays, there's a small number of native inhabitants who wish Hawaii had remained a monarchy.
Some political groups are asking for self-government.
They would like the USA to guarantee them more political power,
more respect for their heritage,
and greater recognition of their culture and traditions.
For more information, visit www.fema.org.gov.au.
