Growth. B1 Preliminary Training 3. Exercise 3. Listening. Part 4.
Today's guest is Deborah Mant. She's going to tell us about her job as a political speechwriter.
Good evening, Deborah.
Good evening.
We've been collecting questions from our listeners.
They're interested in what exactly a political speechwriter does.
The easy answer is that we write speeches for politicians.
Going into detail, however, things are more complicated because there are many steps to follow.
First, we meet with the politician and his or her staff.
We discuss the topic and brainstorm ideas.
I make notes and then I write the speech.
It sounds simple, but it's not.
I guess so.
How long does it usually take?
It's very difficult to say.
From a few days to several weeks, depending on the importance of the occasion when the speech is to be given.
Sometimes I have to rewrite the speech again and again.
It's challenging, isn't it?
It can be at times, but I do love my job, although it's behind the scenes.
Speaking of which, here's another question.
It says, unlike most forms of writing, nobody knows speechwriters.
We only see the politicians.
Don't you ever think you should have become a novelist or a different type of writer?
Another question is about jokes.
Another question is about jokes.
Is it safe to include them in political speeches?
My rule is to avoid telling jokes unless you're 100% sure they're really funny.
Some say you should never include them.
But I don't agree.
It depends on the type of politician and the situation.
Jokes are useful to break the tension and make the audience feel more involved.
I'm not an expert, but I believe that jokes can help politicians appear more human.
Exactly.
Some political leaders have the common touch, while others need to work on their communication skills and jokes can help.
Is there a political leader you would like to write for?
Actually, I wish I could go back in time and work with Winston Churchill.
It's not a matter of political ideas.
It's the way he used words.
He was Prime Minister during World War II and made memorable speeches which were able to inspire people,
despite the dangers and the hardship of those terrible years.
That's true.
And now we'll move on to our next subject.
