Foundation. B1. Preliminary Training 1. Exercises 6 and 7. Listening. Part 1.
1. What time does the train leave?
It's a quarter past five now. Do we have time for an ice cream before you take the train?
I'm not really sure. My ticket says the departure time is 20 to 6, but I don't know what platform the train leaves from, so I need to find out.
It just takes ten minutes to get an ice cream, and you can also buy a bottle of water for the journey.
You're right. Let's go.
2. What does Sam want to do on Saturday?
Hi, Sam. Why don't we play tennis on Saturday?
I'd love to, but next Saturday I want to work in the garden with my dad. He usually does the gardening in the evening, but he's working late this week, so he needs help.
Well, what about going to the cinema this evening? There's a nice film, and it doesn't start until eight.
That's a great idea, but I've got a lot of homework to do for tomorrow. Maybe another time.
Hi, Susan. It's me. Are you still in the office? I'm already here as the train was on time.
Listen, I need to talk to you. Can you take a taxi and join me?
There isn't much traffic at this time of the day. Right. I'm having a sandwich and a cup of coffee in the cafe in the station square. I'm waiting for you.
Hurry up, Holly. I need to brush my teeth before I go to school. What are you doing in there? Having a bath?
No. I'm just having a quick shower and washing my hair. Just a few minutes and then the bathroom's all yours.
Thanks, but be quick, please. I'm having a test today and I don't want to be late.
For a great wardrobe, you need some basic pieces that never go out of style.
Jeans aren't simply a casual item of clothing. They can be elegant with heels or the right jacket.
Every woman must have a pair of black trousers. They can be paired with almost anything.
Then, a white T-shirt is a key piece to any wardrobe because you can wear it at any time of the year.
Finally, you can't go wrong with at least one pair of classic heels that match any type of outfit.
Six. What are the boy and the girl ordering for lunch?
I'm not very hungry, so I don't want a starter. No sweet fizzy drinks and no side dishes.
I'm having a chicken wrap with lightly grilled chicken and salad, but with no tomatoes.
What about you?
I'm undecided. There are too many interesting dishes to choose from.
I fancy some onion rings as a starter.
Then, a main dish of double cheeseburger with mustard and ketchup, but without too much sauce.
I'd like some extra fries and a dessert.
Do they have any ice cream?
Good afternoon. Can I help you?
I want to buy a sweater for my brother for his birthday.
Sure. What colour would you like?
Hmm. Maybe a sweater is too boring.
Well, does your brother have a favourite football team?
How about one of these t-shirts of famous teams?
I don't know.
Hey, look at these fashionable trainers.
He likes running and they're such a beautiful colour.
They look great.
