Foundation. Active Citizenship Lab 1. Lesson 1. Complete. A.
In my country, we grow and export sweet corn, rice, pineapple, peanuts, soya, and a type of tuber called yam.
Our traditional cuisine is based on zero food miles ingredients.
We cook using mainly products that we grow in the area.
I sometimes work as a cook for a charity that offers free meals to poor people living nearby.
And I always try to prepare dishes that contain all the essential nutrients children need.
Dahomey fish stew, for example, is a traditional dish consisting of low-fat fish, onions, and tomatoes, served with rice.
The perfect combination of proteins, vitamins, fibre, and carbohydrates.
B. How often do you go out for dinner with friends and order too much food?
This is a very common habit in my country.
And for this reason, our government is launching a new campaign against food waste called Clean Plate.
The aim is to reduce the number of courses you can order, limiting it to just one dish per person.
But how is it possible to eat a healthy and balanced lunch or dinner when ordering only one dish?
My suggestion is to try our one-pot chicken noodle soup.
It contains four onions, half a cabbage, one red chilli, 300 grams of noodles, and 80 grams of leftover roast chicken.
A balanced mixture of ingredients from different food groups included in our pagoda.
C. In my restaurant, we only serve dishes that take inspiration from our regional, no-waste, poor cooking tradition dating back to medieval times.
The idea is to follow old recipes from the so-called Cucina Povola,
but also to experiment with new recipes using leftovers from previous meals.
This is how our poor countryside ancestors did in the past to save money and reduce food waste.
From bruschetta, using old bread slices, and ribollita, literally boiled again,
to frittata di macaroni, an omelette using leftover pasta,
our traditional cooking is the result of a well-balanced combination of essential nutrients and flavours.
That's why it is famous all over the world.
