Core, Unit 4, Presentation and Practice 2, Cultures and Celebrations, Oliver.
I remember my family's last celebration of Guy Fawkes Night, also called Bonfire Night.
On the 5th of November, we lit a small bonfire, set off fireworks and had some snacks in our back garden.
The origins of this celebration go back to the 5th of November, 1605,
when a man called Guy Fawkes and a group of Catholic plotters tried to blow up the Houses of Parliament.
Londoners celebrated the discovery of the plot by starting bonfires in the streets.
I grew up enjoying the celebration of Diwali,
the festival of lights in Liverpool, our hometown.
My family and I decorated our house and garden with a few lamps and candles to celebrate Rama.
This Hindu god broke up with his stepmother and was exiled.
When Rama came back, his people set off fireworks in celebration of his return to the throne.
This five-day festival usually happens between October and November.
When did it take place last year?
It didn't take place in October.
It took place on the 4th of November.
Amy
I spent Thanksgiving last year with all my family, my father and his new partner, my mother with my stepfather and my half-brother.
We all got on very well.
We watched the famous Macy's parade here in New York City and ate roast turkey, sweet potatoes and pumpkin pie.
It was on the 4th Thursday in November, of course.
And on the day after, Black Friday, we started our Christmas shopping.
Thanksgiving began in 1621, when the pilgrims, the English founders of Plymouth Colony in Massachusetts, celebrated their first good harvest.
Liam
When I was 10, my parents and I went to Sydney to visit my grandparents for Boxing Day, the day after Christmas.
For Australians, it's like Americans' Black Friday, but my sister and I decided to miss the sales and didn't go shopping.
We spent the day at home watching the Boxing Day Test, the famous cricket match held in Melbourne.
Boxing Day is now associated with shopping and sporting events in many English-speaking countries, but it was originally the day when the servants and poor received gifts.
