Core, Unit 5, Presentation and Practice 1.
They made it!
A. Ellie Chalice.
Swimming.
At 16 months, Ellie Chalice got meningitis and lost both her arms below the elbow and legs below the knee.
Her family encouraged her to try sport.
She could already swim when she was 8.
At first, she had to try very hard to learn the ropes,
but said she was inspired after watching a film where a dolphin called Winter could swim with an amputated tail.
She made her international debut at 15,
and at the Tokyo Olympic Games in 2021, she won the silver medal in the 50-metre backstroke.
In 2022, she smashed the women's 50-metre breaststroke world record during the World Para Swimming Championships.
In 2019, she also decided to learn snowboarding.
We couldn't have a complete list without Britain's wonder kid, Jude Bellingham.
He started to play football in his hometown club, Birmingham, in the under-8 team.
His performances on the pitch attracted interest from some big teams.
When he had to decide which team to join, he signed for Borussia Dortmund in Germany.
When Bellingham left for Dortmund, Birmingham surprisingly retired his shirt number, 22, meaning no one could use it again.
The team felt they had to remember an exceptional player and inspire others.
Japanese-British Sky Brown is one of the most famous skateboarders in the world.
Skating runs in the family.
Brown's dad, Stuart, is a skater, as well as her younger brother, Ocean.
In 2020, she had a horrible crash during training that left her fighting for her life.
She had to work hard to make it to the Tokyo Olympic Games in 2021.
She gave it her best shot and came home with a bronze medal, becoming Britain's youngest Olympic medalist.
D. Jennifer and Jessica Gadirova. Gymnastics.
These twin sisters were born in Dublin to parents from Azerbaijan.
They started gymnastics at six years old and are now two of the best gymnasts in Britain.
Jennifer said that when they were younger, their mum had to sign them up for lots of sports because they were very active.
However, they only enjoyed gymnastics.
Britain finally won a bronze medal in gymnastics after 93 years at the Tokyo Olympics, thanks to these amazing girls.
