Core, Unit 6, Presentation and Practice 1, an iconic film.
Universal Pictures released the heartbreaking science fiction film E.T. the Extraterrestrial in 1982.
The setting of the film was a small town in California, where a 10-year-old boy, Elliot, and his siblings, Michael and Gertie, were growing up.
The film tells the story of an alien who was abandoned by its fellow creatures and that Elliot found while he was hiding in his garden.
Elliot was a shy boy who wasn't playing any sports or going out with girls at the time.
When he met E.T., they soon became friends.
The alien also filled the void left by Elliot's father, who was in Mexico with Sally, while Elliot's stressed mother was bringing up three children alone.
E.T. is a film for all time, especially thanks to the touching performances of the child actors Henry Thomas, playing Elliot's role, and Drew Barrymore, playing the part of Gertie.
Its Oscar-winning soundtrack is also memorable.
The director, Steven Spielberg, was working on two film ideas at the time.
The first was inspired by his lonely childhood in Arizona while his parents were divorcing.
At the same time, he was working on a horror film about a group of aliens who were frightening a family.
One of them made friends with the family's son.
E.T. contains both stories.
The director filmed chronologically and shot most of the scenes from the eye level of a child, so the audience can feel the children's wonder.
He also gave the brilliant young actors Thomas and Barrymore the opportunity to improvise.
E.T. is a funny and touching character, as we can see in the unforgettable Halloween scene.
Elliot threw a white sheet over E.T. to hide him.
And when E.T. saw a child dressed up as Yoda from Star Wars, he shouted,
Home! Home!
E.T. earned $800 million from the worldwide box office.
Some say it was a blockbuster because spectacular films were becoming very popular in mainstream film culture.
However, the special effects were minimal.
What counted was the story and the relationship between the boy and his friend.
A fun fact!
The model for E.T.'s face was the scientist Albert Einstein.
E.T. became a pop culture phenomenon.
The shot of Elliot and E.T. when they were flying across the moon on a bike remains an iconic image.
Phone home is now part of our everyday language.
The film's message of peaceful coexistence between creatures from different worlds is still very relevant today.
