Core, Unit 6, Presentation and Practice 2, Exercises 6 and 7.
1.
My favourite kind of music is pop rock, and that's why I love Imagine Dragons.
A few months ago, while I was listening to their songs, my best friend phoned.
She had two tickets for their gig.
I was really, really happy.
Last night, while I was singing along to the tune of Thunder, my mum was listening to a song by Pink Floyd.
She explained to me that in the 1960s and 1970s, the UK produced world-famous rock bands like The Beatles, The Rolling Stones, Pink Floyd, Queen and many others.
2.
I'm a big hip-hop fan.
I don't have a favourite rapper, but I enjoy learning the chorus of some rap songs by heart.
Yesterday afternoon, while I was creating a playlist of my favourite songs on my smartphone, my father told me that the term hip-hop refers to a vast cultural movement.
It includes rap music, graffiti painting and breakdancing.
It originated in the South Bronx section of New York City among African-American communities in the late 70s.
3.
My favourite type of music is country.
My favourite type of music is country.
It originated in rural areas of the South and West of the USA in the early 20th century as a mixture of folk music from the British Isles, church music and African-American blues.
One of its key figures is the singer-songwriter Taylor Swift.
She's my favourite.
Some of my friends say that country music is a bit depressing, but I love tuning into it on the radio.
Two days ago, while my sister and I were listening to a country music radio station, we started to dance to the fast beat and we really enjoyed it.
4.
I love all genres of music.
Pop, rock, country and classical.
Yesterday afternoon, for example, I was listening to one of Beethoven's sonatas on the computer while I was doing my homework because it helped me concentrate.
When it comes to bands, I totally love one particular group.
The Korean pop supergroup BTS, which means Beyond the Scene.
My top hit is Spring Day.
It's in Korean, so I don't understand the lyrics.
Only one member of the band can speak English fluently.
He says that he learnt the language while he was watching the TV series Friends.
Last year, they spoke about anti-Asian hate crimes and discrimination while they were taking part in a press conference in Washington, D.C.
On that occasion, they said music is always an amazing and wonderful unifier of all things.
Thank you.
