Core. B1. Preliminary Training 2. Exercises 9 and 10. Listening. Part 2.
1. You will hear two teenagers talking about films and the cinema.
I love going to the cinema. Do you?
Well, personally, I'm falling out of love with the cinema.
I prefer sitting at home in front of my laptop and watching films on streaming platforms.
Really? I believe it's much more exciting to watch films on the big screen.
Maybe. But think of the cost. It's getting very expensive.
On your device, you don't pay much and you can choose what you want.
Yes, but those films are usually of poor quality.
I don't see it that way. You can also watch iconic films.
2. You will hear two friends talking about a music festival.
Yesterday, I won two tickets to a concert in my class lottery.
Oh, lucky you! What kind of concert?
It's a music festival with jazz, folk and rock music. Do you want to come?
I'm not sure. I went to one of those festivals last year and I didn't find it interesting.
Oh, come on! I'm not crazy about that kind of music. But it's free.
It's not my scene. I'm more into rap and indie. Why don't you take your brother?
No. My brother's into classical music.
I can't understand why people listen to classical music or go to the opera. But...
OK. I'm in.
3. You will hear a young man telling his friend about a book he read last month.
This book I read last month was disappointing.
Really? What was it about?
Well, it's a book about gems. You know I love jewels. So when I saw the title and read the name of the heroine,
Leslie Diamond, I grabbed it at the bookshop.
And then wasn't it what you expected?
The plot was actually original. But in my opinion, the writing style was horrible. And the heroine was disappointing.
Well, how did it end?
To be honest, I must admit, I found the ending terrific.
4. You will hear a girl talking to a friend about acting.
I think acting is a sort of art.
The best of the Hollywood actors are constantly working to improve their art.
They work with acting coaches and learn from real-life experiences.
So it's important to take different acting classes, from action to comedy, to get prepared for any roles.
What's your opinion about it?
I don't agree. I think it's just a profession.
You can hardly call it art.
It's part of a production and marketing process to make a two-hour show and sell tickets.
The actors are performers, but they aren't creative.
Why didn't you tell me you were going to the shopping centre yesterday?
Sorry. I just wanted to buy a new video game.
Of course. Now I know what you were thinking about all morning.
Exactly. I was thinking of getting to the centre, buying a video game and returning home in 30 minutes.
I guess you were a man on a mission, like a laser-guided missile searching out a target to destroy.
That's why I didn't say anything.
I didn't have time to stop and browse the game section. I had to hurry up.
6. You will hear two friends talking about a theatre performance they went to.
Did you like the performance?
Oh, I loved that theatre version of Prisoner of War. Wasn't it heartbreaking?
Absolutely. I have to admit it was amazing. Wonderful acting.
Sure. It seemed like we were actually living with the prisoners.
Exactly. The actors were terrific, each with their distinctive style.
That's right. And did you enjoy the scenery? I thought, this is really impressive.
It's a pity the costumes weren't what I expected. They were really plain.
