Core Active Citizenship Lab 2 Lesson 1 A Family's Digital Detox Challenge
Experts say that too much screen time is having a strong impact on our physical and mental health.
It can lead to obesity, sleep problems, neck and back problems, depression, anxiety and lower test scores at school.
They advise teens to reduce their screen time to two hours a day for recreational use.
For this reason, the Vernon Mullis family decided to take part in a social experiment, a three-day digital detox challenge.
For about 72 hours, the entire family, including the two parents, Lisa and Brian, their 15-year-old daughter, Elizabeth,
and two younger siblings could have no access to their smartphones, TV, computers or any other digital device and had to find new ways to spend their time.
The result was surprising.
On the first day, they installed four cameras at home and a special device they could use to record their feelings during the experiment.
At the end of the first day, Elizabeth admitted that she felt very happy and full of energy.
Without her digital devices to distract her, she was able to complete several tasks, such as cleaning her room and finishing all her homework.
Her father was really surprised when she suggested spending some time together.
On the second day, the 10- and 4-year-old kids started asking their parents if they could play video games.
But when they received no as an answer, they discovered a new pastime, playing in the garden together and having fun.
The whole family also took a ride on their golf cart and went fishing.
At night, they all spent some time around a bonfire, chatting and telling jokes.
On day three, Elizabeth instinctively started looking for her phone because she needed it for her homework.
But then she resisted the temptation and didn't touch it all day.
At the end of the three-day challenge, they felt they were a new, more close-knit family.
So they decided to repeat this experiment every now and then and invented a new family tradition called phone jail.
The idea was to lock their devices in a box and to spend some quality time together as a real, digitally disconnected family.
Thank you.
