Core. Active Citizenship Lab 2. Lesson 2. Exercises 3 and 4.
Today we're going to ask an expert a few questions about how to manage our screen time effectively.
First of all, how much is too much?
Actually, what's more important are the kinds of screen activities people engage in.
We usually divide them into passive and active, depending on whether they involve creativity, social interaction or active learning.
Passive activities usually include checking social media without interacting, lying on a bed binge-watching videos or playing the same video game for a long period of time.
On the contrary, active screen time includes activities such as making videos, playing educational games, editing pictures, coding a website, searching the net for research, video chatting with relatives living far away, posting photos or writing posts on your account.
Can you give us some tips to manage our screen time effectively?
The first step to take is to select active screen activities and to limit passive screen use.
Track your screen time using a digital tool that can help you monitor your screen time.
Delete apps you don't actually use.
Leave only the few apps you really need and use to study or work.
Keep notifications on only for important messages.
Some notifications are urgent, but others are not.
Choose a time for no devices and dedicate part of your day to cooking, reading, going for a walk or any other off-screen activities.
Fix a time for your on-screen activities such as checking your social media or watching TV series.
Don't take your phone out of your bag if you go for a walk or meet your friends.
Pay attention to where you are and who you are with.
Don't use a digital device before going to sleep or as soon as you wake up.
Screens can have a negative effect on your ability to concentrate or to relax and get a good night's sleep.
You can have breakfast and spend quality time with your family or walk the dog instead.
In conclusion, try to keep a healthy relationship with technology and achieve digital well-being.
