Expansion, Unit 9, Presentation and Practice 1, Exercises 2 and 3.
Speaker A
It's Careers Day in my school today.
We're going to meet experts in sustainability and they're going to give us some advice about innovative green jobs.
I've recently thought about what to do when I finish school.
I love cooking. Am I going to become a star chef? Well, I hope so.
I'm going to attend a cookery course and become a sustainable cook.
I want to use only organic and local produce and hope to do a good job.
Speaker B
Did you know that windows that are too small or ceilings that are too low can make most people feel anxious?
That's why I'm going to become an environmental psychologist.
I'm going to study how the environment affects behaviour and also how people's behaviours and attitudes affect the environment.
Speaker C
I'm crazy about engines and sports cars, but I'm aware of their impact on the environment.
I've read that the new frontier is mechatronics.
It combines mechanics and electronics.
I'd like to keep up with the developments in electric car production, but as a trained mechanic.
Speaker C
That's why I'm going to attend technical courses to get qualified and to take up a good job.
Speaker D
I'm definitely not going to do routine work in an office, and I'm going to do a green job.
I'm imaginative, so I'm going to become an architect like my mum.
Speaker D
The difference is, I'm only going to use environmentally friendly materials.
Yes, I'm going to carry out my plan to be a sustainable architect, to design buildings with new materials and construction processes.
Speaker E
My dad is a lawyer, and he wants me to get a degree in law and work with him.
But I believe I'm a good communicator, and I'm enterprising.
So I'm going to study communication studies at university, and I think I could be a green influencer.
To me, green influencers are like eco-warriors, because they use social media to promote radical change in society.
Speaker D
Yes, I'm definitely going to try and be one.
I'd like to give my followers practical advice on how to reduce our impact on the environment.
