Expansion. Unit 9. Competences for life. STEM is for all.
Figures have shown that there is no significant difference in ability between boys and girls in maths and science.
The lack of women in STEM is often due to bias, social norms and expectations, influencing the quality of the education they receive and the subjects they study.
Parents and teachers can do several things to encourage girls to take up a career in science.
Such as becoming a biomedical engineer, computer systems administrator, mathematician or even an astronaut.
First, parents can make sure that both boys and girls have access to activities and toys that encourage them to create things.
They can also stimulate their children's interest in exploring the world and learning how it works by taking them to museums.
And watching documentaries.
Teachers can highlight girls' positive results in maths and science at school, creating a growth mindset environment, which will increase their interest in scientific subjects.
However, the thought of being in a minority on a university course or in a job will perhaps discourage girls from taking up STEM fields.
There is a common fear that belonging to a minority means it will be difficult to adapt and that women will therefore have to work much harder than boys to succeed and have a well-paid job.
Nowadays, many university science departments and workplaces are appointing female tutors and women in senior roles, and these will be positive role models for younger women entering their field.
Attracting and keeping more women in the STEM workforce will improve innovation, creativity and competitiveness.
How can we do this?
There have been several recent projects around the world where successful women go into schools to talk about their careers.
And we celebrate the International Day of Women and Girls in Science every year on the 11th of February.
Scientists are working harder than ever to solve some of our most difficult challenges, and women have a key role to play.
