Expansion B1 Preliminary Training 3 Reading Part 2
Job Advertisements Brand Ambassador
We are looking for a people person with enthusiasm.
You will mainly work on Saturdays and Sundays.
As a brand ambassador, you are going to illustrate the product benefits to possible customers and give away samples.
Delivery Driver
We need people who have a reliable car and don't mind spending long hours in the traffic.
There are plenty of jobs available delivering food, flowers, packages, etc. directly to a customer's front door.
Some positions come with extra benefits, like free or discounted food, car insurance discounts and a flexible schedule.
Food Demonstrator
Grocery stores, product manufacturers and specialty retailers want to hire part-time workers to give recipe demonstrations and provide product tastings.
If you are a foodie or you have got good kitchen skills, consider this job to earn some extra money.
House Caretaker
Help needed in a private historic mansion.
You just need to make sure that the property you are looking after is safe and secure.
You also need to arrange repairs if there is a problem and do some maintenance work.
Fitness Instructor
A gym requires a fitness instructor to provide individual instruction as a personal trainer or teach group classes.
Some training is available and the right candidate must be enthusiastic and hardworking.
The job is part-time with flexible hours, including evening classes.
Very well paid.
Parking Attendant
Person required in a busy car park
A valid driver's licence is necessary for this position.
In this role, you will give and take tickets, collect fees or work as a valet.
The job pays around £11 an hour, but you will have the chance to park some very special cars.
Pet Sitter
We are looking for animal lovers who have room in their homes for a guest or two.
You can earn good money taking care of dogs, cats and other pets while their owners are away.
Pet sitters who live in the owner's home while they are away are also in demand.
Receptionist
Front desk positions required
This job involves greeting clients, managing a digital schedule and answering the phone.
You will also occasionally have to promote product sales and give instructional tours of the premises for potential new clients.
Good salary.
