Expansion in Valsi Training 1. What your home can reveal about you.
They say that home is where the heart is.
According to new research, what your home looks like can reveal a lot about your personality.
The most orderly, conventional and precise people tend to have the messiest drawers.
These so-called builder types are too busy organising other parts of their lives to focus on something like their chest of drawers or where to store their socks.
Is everything in your garden rosy, including the person taking care of it?
One study has found that 80% of people with gardens are happy with their lives.
And 90% of respondents have noted that gardening improves their mood.
One survey has revealed that people who keep their bed tidy usually go to the gym regularly and prefer a 9-to-5 job.
This could have something to do with the fact that happy people tend to arrange everything well.
People who fill their homes with decorative towels and display candles and fine porcelain tend to be very ambitious.
These people want to show their home at its best.
And they know it is the smallest things that make the biggest impression.
Keeping your study table completely clear doesn't make you boring or unsocial.
On the contrary, it indicates that you are a reliable worker because you communicate stability.
Choosing a house with an airy bedroom indicates that you are emotionally stable.
Researchers have found that there is a correlation between bright, open spaces and inner stability,
as well as messy bedrooms and outgoing personalities.
According to a recent study conducted by colour experts, pink and lavender correspond to enthusiasm and youth.
They believe that if you paint your front door pink or yellow, you are making a statement that life must be fun.
Do you buy everything that looks good when you shop at the grocery store?
People with exuberant personalities love entertaining others.
And this explains why they always have so much food in their kitchen.
Just in case they have to plan a last-minute party, of course.
