Growth, Unit 10, Presentation and Practice 1, Getting Around the City
Hi, I'm Abigail. I'm spending this term just outside Copenhagen, and I'm going to tell you the best ways to get around this wonderful city.
Copenhagen, on two wheels.
Cycling is definitely both the easiest and the cheapest form of transportation in this city.
You can see some unexpected cool spots a little off the beaten track, and take in more of the city compared to sitting in a crowded carriage on the underground.
Copenhagen is one of the most bicycle-friendly cities in the world.
Did you know that 62% of its citizens go to work, school or university by bicycle?
This afternoon, I'm doing the Harbour Circle with a friend, a 13km cycle path around Copenhagen's fascinating harbour.
By train.
And there are trains, of course.
In fact, I'm catching the commuter train to get to school in half an hour.
My train leaves at 8.30am.
I always take something to do during the journey, either a book to read or some new music to listen to.
Sometimes, I simply admire the scenery from my window seat.
Tomorrow, the college is taking us all on a sightseeing tour of Copenhagen, combining a hop-on, hop-off bus tour with a boat tour.
The bus makes 22 stops around the city for us to see the main attractions.
It departs at 10.45am from the central station, while the boat tour starts at Christiansborg Palace at 12.30.
And what's next?
As regards my summer, I'm not flying straight back home when I finish my term in Denmark.
I'm travelling to Norway for my holidays.
I've googled to see if this country is biker-friendly, and I've seen that many towns have a bike-sharing service.
I'll certainly take some bike tours that way.
I've just booked a one-way ticket, as I'm planning to fly back to the UK from there.
There's one special place I want to visit, and that's Bergen.
I want to try the Floy Barn.
It's a funicular, and one of Norway's most visited attractions.
While riding up, you're technically on the ground, so it's perfect for people who are afraid of heights like me.
How long does the journey take?
It takes five to eight minutes from the lower station to Floyen, and it's about 45 minutes from a B&B in the city centre on foot, or even less if you're very fit.
