Growth. Unit 10. Competences for life. Summer camps in the wild.
Volunteer programmes abroad for teens are a good idea for a summer holiday.
They will change your life and, hopefully, the lives of endangered animals.
Check these animal-related volunteer opportunities and start planning your journey.
1. You can choose to spend your summer break in one of Africa's largest and most successful wildlife orphanages in Bulawayo, the business and industrial capital of Zimbabwe.
Here, volunteers treat abandoned or injured animals and then release them into the wild again.
Your tasks will include feeding the animals, cleaning their enclosures and promoting environmental education in local schools.
The best part of your work will be to comfort young wild animals when they are upset or just play with them.
You will stay in cabins and will also be able to spend your free time visiting famous destinations like Victoria Falls and Huangi National Park by coach or car.
2. Another volunteer destination for teens is in Giannitsokori, a small resort town with white sandy beaches in Greece.
Here, you will have to help the endangered loggerhead turtles.
In May and June, you will learn to recognise and protect nests by installing grates to keep predators away.
Then, in July and August, you will watch and record the hatchlings.
You will sleep in shared tents on a campsite and will also be able to explore the ancient Greek ruins nearby.
3. Have you ever dreamt of an adventure trip in the jungle?
Take a plane to Peru and travel to the Tarakaya Eco Reserve in the southeast Amazon rainforest.
Here, you will stay in a camp in the heart of the jungle.
You will see the types of animals, birds and plants that you have only seen in magazines or nature documentaries.
Are you thinking about a future career in conservation?
This trip will give you some useful experience as you will develop important skills.
These will be a great addition to your university application or CV.
4. The Galapagos Islands, off the coast of Ecuador, will provide a great volunteer experience.
You will be part of a group of conservationists who are helping to protect this UNESCO heritage site and unique ecosystem.
You will also have the opportunity to explore other islands by boat and see the world-famous Galapagos tortoises.
You will try various types of accommodation during the programme as you are going to move from one island to another.
