Growth. Unit 11. Presentation and Practice 1. The Benefits of Blue Spaces.
Traditionally, people have settled in places near rivers, lakes and the sea in order to trade and transport goods easily and have access to fresh water.
Nowadays, being close to a water source is not as important for everyday life and it is often a matter of personal choice.
In fact, over 50% of the world's population lives within 3km of the nearest body of water, an ocean, sea, lake, river, stream or waterfall.
And many people choose to do so because they feel it will improve their life in some way.
But will you really find the secret of happiness if you live near water?
According to scientists, there are three reasons why the presence of water is positively related to well-being.
1. If you live near aquatic environments, you will breathe more humid but less polluted air and get more sunlight.
If your house is located by a waterway, like a river or canal, you won't hear the hustle and bustle of the city.
You will hear a completely different kind of noise, the gentle sound of water.
2. Near water, you tend to be more active.
If you live by a river, a stream or a lake, you will be able to go fishing or go jogging along its banks.
If you are a sports person, you can take up kayaking or whitewater rafting.
Or you can just walk or cycle along the banks.
3. Water boosts your mood and reduces negativity.
4. Coastal water seems to be especially effective because of the ebb and flow of the tides.
If you spend time walking on the beach, you will focus on the natural features,
like the movement and sound of the waves and the sand, and you will be able to clear your mind.
The deep blue sea has a meditative quality.
Whether it is rough or calm, you are in or on the water, or just observing from the beach.
When you are sailing, surfing or swimming, you will really be in tune with its powerful natural force.
In the future, if we want to continue to enjoy the benefits of water,
we will have to do more to preserve the health of blue environments through conservation efforts.
Researchers hope that we will be more willing to protect blue spaces if the health benefits are more widely known.
