Growth, Unit 12, Presentation and Practice 1, Our School Rules.
As the head teacher of a large secondary school, I believe that a school has to have rules,
because all members of the staff and pupils are part of the community and benefit from a clear structure and rules.
Which basic rules do the students in my school have to follow?
Our basic rules concern respect for others, for the school buildings and equipment.
First of all, this means punctuality.
Students must arrive on time and be in their classroom when the bell rings.
They must also show commitment in lessons and be punctual with their homework and assignments.
They must move around the building quietly when moving from one classroom to another.
As educators, we have to reward merit in the school community, and we do this regularly.
But occasionally, we must take action when rules are broken.
Detentions are probably the most common punishment, and usually take place in the afternoon after school.
If the bad behaviour escalates and there is any use of violence, then we have to remove the students from lessons.
Community service is an alternative sanction for rebellious behaviour.
It might consist of supervised work within the school building, such as helping to clean the canteen.
At the beginning of each school year, our teachers explain the rules in class, leaving time for questions and discussion.
If you have to follow the rules, you must understand the purpose behind them.
The first rule in my school is to show respect for every person in the school community.
This means the teachers, your classmates, the caretaker, a lab technician, or one of the secretaries.
Prefects help supervise their schoolmates' behaviour and must signal any unkind teasing or impolite behaviour.
This may lead to disciplinary action.
No one will tolerate any form of bullying.
On the positive side, we also have a credit system for positive behaviour and setting a good example.
This is essential because a school has to reward as well as punish.
I believe classroom rules must be clear and simple, easy to follow, and posted somewhere for all of our students to see.
To be effective, classroom rules must be general enough to cover a variety of situations, but also specific to the students, classroom and school.
Common issues we deal with are students who are late to class, have a poor attitude in the classroom, or do not complete their homework.
Luckily, we have very little bullying here.
All schools have a policy regarding late arrivals or absences.
