Growth, Unit 12, Competences for Life, Education for All
Malala Yousafzai, born in Pakistan in 1997, has made an extraordinary journey from being a schoolgirl in her home country to becoming a world-famous icon and education rights campaigner.
She was still a child when the Taliban government destroyed more than 400 schools and prevented girls from going to school.
Education went from being a right to being a crime.
In 2009, Malala's father encouraged her to write a private blog under a pseudonym for the BBC.
In that blog, she freely expressed her views on education and the threat of the Taliban over her country.
Her identity didn't remain protected for long, and in 2012, a Taliban terrorist shot Malala in the head.
Her parents had to take her to a hospital in England, where she was in a critical condition for days.
When she recovered, she stayed in the UK and immediately began working to protect girls' education.
On her 16th birthday, she gave a speech at the United Nations in New York on girls missing out on secondary education in many countries,
due to local conditions such as war, early marriage, poverty and gender discrimination.
In the same year, she published her autobiography, I am Malala.
And with her father, she co-founded the Malala Fund, an international non-profit organisation working for a world where every girl can have access to education.
She received the Nobel Peace Prize for her work in 2014, and was the youngest ever winner.
There are more than 130 million girls out of school today, and the Malala Fund works to break down the political and social barriers depriving girls of the right to education.
The Fund also aims to ensure safe learning environments, especially in countries affected by conflict and disaster,
and to guarantee girls 12 years of free, quality education.
Through the Education Champion Network, the Malala Fund invests in the work of local education activists
in Afghanistan, Brazil, Ethiopia, India, Lebanon, Nigeria, Pakistan and Turkey.
As Malala believes that the voices of girls and young women must be heard, the Fund has created Assembly,
a digital publication and newsletter where girls share their thoughts, challenges and successes.
