Growth B1 Preliminary Training 4 Exercise 12 Listening Part 4
Hi, Crystal. You started off as a news presenter 20 years ago, and now you're a meteorologist who is about to win her third TV award.
Why did you decide to become a meteorologist?
Hi, Peter. Well, for me, being a meteorologist is more of a vacation than a profession.
I've always been fascinated by the idea of predicting changes and events.
I'm one of those people who look at the weather on a news channel before they decide what to wear that day, or make plans for the weekend.
I know about your background experience in journalism and communication, but what did you have to study to become a meteorologist?
Well, I took a degree in physics with meteorology, where I learnt how to apply logic to understand the atmosphere and forecast changes in weather phenomena that affect the planet.
So now, as a news meteorologist, you're looking at wider climate trends.
That's right. Some meteorologists analyse physical changes to the environment to understand the atmosphere better, while others study the impact of pollution on the environment.
I'm that second kind of meteorologist. I do really care about our planet.
And you're also working for a consulting firm, providing global weather and climate forecasts and analysis services.
Indeed, I've just started this job. It's about understanding and interpreting weather conditions and events as a public service.
What part does technology play in your career?
In this profession, you work with data and scientific instruments to measure weather conditions and patterns.
To do this job well, you'll definitely need to have excellent technology skills.
And what about your future plans?
Oh, I've got so much work on at the moment.
Television weather forecasts and laboratories where I compile, analyse and study information about the atmosphere to send to the National Weather Service.
It's hard to make plans.
It's hard to make plans.
But I'd really like to have my own consulting company one day, where I can combine my skills with promoting sustainability.
That's my next project.
At the moment, I'm busy with my programme about the seven most inhospitable climates where people actually live.
This may be the top of the world in Svalbard or the hottest place in Ethiopia.
It sounds very interesting.
Well, good luck with your new programme.
We'll continue to follow you on Channel 4.
And in the meantime, thanks for coming in to speak to us.
You're very welcome.
