Growth in Valsi Training 2 Future Travellers
By 2030, more than 1.8 billion people will travel abroad every year for different reasons.
A recent study on travel habits has tried to identify different categories of future travellers.
For example, travellers for simplicity will definitely prefer package tours.
Cruises, all-inclusive resorts etc. to avoid thinking about too many trip details themselves.
Holidays have to represent a time to relax and enjoy themselves.
Travellers for culture will look at holidays as a chance to disconnect from their day-to-day lives.
They want to immerse themselves completely in the local culture.
They will book a trip to authentic travel destinations.
Because they love adventures, they will prefer impulsive road trips to pre-booked holidays.
Travellers for social approval are digitally connected individuals who need to share their experiences on social media.
Their holiday might depend on the feedback they receive after posting photos online.
Travellers for personal reward will travel as a present for their hard work, efforts and time spent on their working career.
They might focus on a mix of luxury, self-improvement and health.
Travellers for mental wellbeing will choose types of holidays that regenerate the mind, body and spirit.
Travellers for mental wellbeing will choose activities such as yoga and meditation or relaxing beach or spa holidays.
Travellers for obligation will plan a trip only if they are obliged to attend a wedding party, go to a family reunion or to go on a pilgrimage.
Travellers for travel will choose accommodation where they can stay overnight and leave the next day.
Travellers for business will plan a trip only if they have to go somewhere else for work reasons.
Travellers for travel plans for free Wi-Fi so that they can work while travelling.
Travellers for ethics will make travel plans for moral reasons linked to either environmental, political or social issues.
They will often mix a holiday with some volunteering experiences.
