Growth. In Valsi Training 2. Exercise 4.
Good evening everybody from Midtown Radio Station in London.
Our guest today is an expert in innovative educational methods.
We're going to ask her a few questions about how a project-based secondary school can benefit today's teenagers.
Example.
When we were kids, there were subjects in school that we didn't particularly like or that we considered particularly boring, right?
Well, a project-based school is a place where students are constantly involved in authentic and practical lessons where they'll always enjoy themselves.
Question 1.
No, I don't mean that. In fact, a project-based school doesn't eliminate subjects that kids hate.
It simply tries to engage students in activities they like so that they'll become more involved and more responsible for their own learning.
Question 2.
Students don't have to memorise names and dates or learn a lot of information by heart.
They have to research and discuss some famous historical figures to understand what they were really like, what they did, and what contributions they made to their contemporary world.
Question 3.
Sure. In literature, for instance, they needn't use only materials their teachers have selected, but they may suggest new material they're passionate about, even if they are not included in the school curriculum.
Question 4.
Because if you teach students how to ask the right questions, they'll develop the ability to answer the important questions in today's society, and they'll be able to better understand the world around them.
Effective learning is more than just giving the correct answer to multiple-choice questions in school tests.
Question 5.
Students have to develop skills that are relevant to today's society.
To create their presentations, they don't need to use posters as in the past.
They have to learn how to use computers and other digital devices that they'll also use after secondary school.
Question 6.
When students finish their projects, they'll receive feedback from their teacher and classmates.
This activity teaches students how to learn from constructive criticism.
They also receive suggestions they may use in their future projects.
Let's thank our guest for her detailed explanations, and we wish you all goodnight.
