Growth. Active Citizenship Lab 4. Lesson 1. Looking for a genuine travel experience?
Tourism is responsible for 8% of the world's greenhouse gas emissions.
The carbon footprint of tourism depends on the kind of transportation and accommodation tourists choose,
on the food and souvenirs they buy, and on the waste they produce.
For this reason, the UNWTO, United Nations World Tourism Organisation,
is trying to encourage people and tourist organisations to be more sustainable.
1. Ecotourism.
Ecotourism, or green tourism, is a type of sustainable tourism which focuses on the protection of the
natural environment and local wildlife. Ecotourism organisations are going to teach travellers to
respect local ecosystems and to travel responsibly, saving energy, water and other natural resources.
The Fainan Eco Lodge is one of the best examples of ecotourism in the world. It is a solar-powered lodge,
located in Dana Biosphere Nature Reserve in Jordan. It works in partnership with the Royal Society for the Conservation of Nature. They are going to protect the local environment and limit the carbon footprint of tourism in the area.
2. Rural Tourism.
2. Rural Tourism. Rural Tourism encourages people to travel to remote countryside areas which don't usually have tourists.
Visitors will take part in farming activities and may experience a genuine rural lifestyle.
Umdumbi Backpackers Hostel is a truly rural lodging situated in the heart of South Africa.
This accommodation will be an ideal starting point for tourists who love hiking, whale watching and doing other activities in contact with nature.
The hostel adopts some eco-friendly services, from a sustainable waste management system to the use of solar power.
3. Community-Based Tourism
Local communities are involved in protecting their cultural and natural heritage.
Local inhabitants will provide accommodation for visitors and will guide them in the discovery of local traditions, culture and landscapes.
In Bhutan, in South Asia, the government has decided to restrict entry permits and to impose a daily tax on tourists.
They will use this money for the conservation of the country's infrastructure, public services and cultural heritage.
