Growth. Active Citizenship Lab 4. Lesson 2. Exercises 2 and 3.
First of all, let's explain what cultural heritage tourism is.
It's a form of slow tourism that encourages visitors to have a more authentic travel experience,
meet local people and get to know their culture, their history and their way of life.
Examples of heritage tourism activities include visiting a local museum, eating local food or taking part in a local festival.
Can you give us an example of heritage tourism?
The so-called Scattered Hotel or Albergo Diffuso is a good example of community-based initiatives to preserve rural cultures
and promote natural and cultural heritage tourism in Italy.
This idea started in the 1980s to bring new life to abandoned towns and villages.
Some communities wanted to encourage tourists to visit some areas of the country hit by a dramatic natural disaster, like an earthquake.
Instead of rebuilding hotels, they decided to open their houses to tourists so they could live as locals and explore the surrounding areas.
How many of these hotels are there? How many of these hotels are there and how do they work?
There are now over 100 in Italy, many in little villages that host tourists from all over the world.
In order to be part of the network, people are renovating old homes and ancient castles.
In this way, they'll give new life to the community.
One of the regulations is that guest rooms must be located in people's houses.
A central house will usually act as a reception area and office.
Hmm. And what about the benefits for the community as a whole?
This type of hotel network will provide jobs for local people.
They'll support tourists during their stay, perhaps organise hiking or horse riding tours.
The community will encourage visitors to try their cuisine and farm products, so they'll encourage local economic growth.
Locals will become narrators of places, introducing tourists to the local history and traditions.
In this way, they'll help to preserve their cultural and natural heritage.
Do you think this type of tourism is going to become more popular in the future?
Definitely.
This model for developing tourism in remote areas of a country is now spreading around the world.
