Core. B1. Preliminary Training 2. Listening. Part 2.
1. You will hear two friends talking about their favourite childhood celebration.
What was your favourite celebration as a child?
I really enjoyed Christmas. It was magic. What about you?
I preferred celebrating my birthday. I never loved Christmas that much.
Didn't you like getting presents?
That was OK, but I never had that special feeling.
What a pity! I still love the festive atmosphere.
Well, I didn't mind decorating the tree and making greetings cards.
So, what was the problem?
On the 25th of December, I was always at my aunt's because my parents worked. It was a bit sad for me.
Sorry to hear that.
2. You will hear a famous actor talking to a journalist about his favourite scene.
So, is there a scene you really liked shooting?
Of course. It's one from the first historical drama I starred in.
The captain?
Yes. I had to learn how to fence. I could use the sword well after some practice. In that sequence, my character was fighting against a dangerous enemy.
Did you have to shoot it many times?
That was the hard part. It was physically demanding. The director wanted it to be perfect. There were two cameras filming and a lot of people on the set making sure everything was all right.
3. You will hear a girl talking to a friend about her family.
I have a blended family. My parents broke up several years ago and they have a new husband and a new wife now.
I have two stepbrothers on my mum's side and three stepsisters on my dad's. There's ten of us in the family now.
Really? My family is very small. I'm an only child. To be honest, I'm kind of jealous. I know you have to share everything when you have a blended family, but you never feel lonely and there's always someone there for you.
4. You will hear two friends talking about a song that brings happy memories.
Oh, listen! This is a beautiful song.
Well, it's pop music. It's all the same.
I don't agree. It's original and reminds me of my last holidays.
5. Really?
5. This was the hit of the summer. We couldn't stop singing it when I went camping with some friends. The lyrics are beautiful.
6. I don't really like them, but I must admit the chorus isn't bad.
6. Yes, it's easy to sing along to. In the evening we lit a fire. My friend Lucy played the guitar and we all sang. The tune is terrific.
Hmm. I must say, it's not my scene.
5. You will hear two teenagers talking about a birthday present.
We need to decide what to get for Lisa's birthday.
Why don't we check this online sports shop? She loves doing sport.
That's right. Last week during training, she was talking about changing her ice hockey helmet.
Yes, but she bought a new one while we were hanging out at the shopping centre yesterday. Let's browse the internet.
Hmm. What about that bright pink skateboard? She'd love it.
Absolutely. I think we can get that.
Agreed. I also like those stylish skates, but I know her sister has a similar pair and Lisa borrows them all the time.
6. You will hear two colleagues talking about a basketball match.
Last Saturday, I was at the basketball court in Chester Road.
I was there as well. It was a great match, wasn't it?
You can say that again. It's a pity that player got hurt after scoring so many points.
That's exactly what I thought. Poor thing. He was giving it his best shot when he broke his ankle.
The game was fast and so full of excitement. I was so sorry that the green team lost. They played so well.
Well, I supported the other team and I really believe they deserved to win.
