Expansion, Unit 9. Career guidance? Yes, please.
Recent research on teenagers and their dream jobs has shown that many of them will still prefer very traditional 20th century jobs like doctors, vets, teachers or nurses.
Most adolescents have no idea of just how much the job market is changing and what occupations will be in demand in the future.
Schools in the UK and in other European countries are worried about this.
They believe students need help to make the right career choices in a world that is going to evolve more rapidly as time passes.
Mr Rudy Han, head teacher of a school in the UK, thinks there is no time to lose,
so he is going to introduce some innovative activities into the school curriculum starting from this year.
He is convinced that students need to be informed about the job market.
For this reason, he is going to organise career guidance classes as soon as students start secondary school,
when they are just 11 or 12 years old.
In an interview, Mr Han said,
you can't be who you can't see.
Very often, students aspire to classic jobs because they simply don't know about the real world of work and the new occupations.
They have never heard of a computer user support specialist or an environmental manager,
so how can they hope to be one?
The young must learn about the world of work.
This is especially true for those who come from disadvantaged families and have no role models to follow.
With the right information, they will take up new trending jobs and careers,
and at school they will concentrate on the subjects they need to follow their dreams.
Students who want to become environmental managers will work harder at subjects like biology and science, he adds.
Mr Han also states that giving information is not enough.
Schools need to equip teens with the right skills for the gig economy,
where short-term contracts will replace nine to five jobs.
The so-called soft skills, like creativity, communication, problem-solving and teamwork,
will be useful no matter what job they do.
