Expansion B1 Preliminary Training 3 Reading Part 2
Holiday Accommodation The Doll's House
This pretty little house is located in a village and is surrounded by a high wall and a beautiful rose garden.
The terrace has some traditional rocking chairs where you can sit, read and relax.
There are three bedrooms, all decorated with pastel colours.
The historic city of Norwich is close enough to reach by bike.
The Cabin by the Lake
This unique log cabin can host one or two people and is located in the most beautiful countryside you have ever seen.
You won't meet crowds of people here, but in the evening you can sit outside, gaze at the stars and enjoy the wildlife.
There is a small garden where you can pick homegrown vegetables. Don't expect to find a dishwasher though.
Sunnyside Chalet This modern chalet hosts at least four people and has the most modern domestic appliances around, including an automated vacuum cleaner.
It is near Inverness and very close to some of the most beautiful beaches in Scotland.
If you aren't afraid of swimming in cold water, you can try it.
Millbrook Cottage This tiny cottage is a charming place to spend your holidays.
You will be delighted with the calm, relaxing atmosphere.
Millbrook Cottage The double bedroom has a very traditional four-poster bed and a huge window looking onto the ocean for breathtaking views.
There is easy access to the ocean.
The Yurt Traditionally, a yurt is a portable round tent used by nomads in Mongolia.
But this one is more spacious and comfortable.
Millbrook Cottage It has a large double bed and some basic furniture, like a small table, chairs and a sofa bed for an extra friend.
Millbrook Cottage There is a nice outdoor bath heated by a log fire to relax in under the stars.
Black Creek Apartment This apartment is located in a stunning Scottish castle.
Millbrook Cottage Families of up to six are welcome.
Millbrook Cottage It is surrounded by forests with lots of paths to walk along.
Millbrook Cottage A large part of the castle is accessible to guests interested in history and adventure.
Millbrook Cottage Don't forget to visit the highest turret, where you will even find an old prison cell.
Millbrook Cottage The treehouse
Millbrook Cottage The treehouse is like a tent made of resistant material and is suspended among the trees at the edge of a thick wood.
Millbrook Cottage The house has all the essentials – a double bed, an outdoor kitchen, toilet and shower.
Millbrook Cottage The closest mobile signal is ten miles away.
Millbrook Cottage Bellicourt Castle If you want to live like a king or a queen, you should stay at Bellicourt Castle.
Millbrook Cottage There is an apartment reserved for four guests and each bedroom is dedicated to a past British monarch.
Millbrook Cottage The Mary Queen of Scots is particularly luxurious.
Millbrook Cottage The apartment also has a terrace where you can dine while enjoying stunning views of the countryside.
Millbrook Cottage Adults and children over 13 only.
