Growth. B1 Preliminary Training 4. Reading, Part 3. BAME History. Welsh teenager Nick writes about a new subject.
I know it may sound strange, considering I'm an active teenager practising sport every day, but I really love studying.
My favourite subject is science, and now I am really curious about a new subject we are starting from next term.
It is called BAME History. The word stands for Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic People.
The principal introduced the new BAME teacher to all classes in the Assembly Hall last week, and there were lots of questions from the students.
Mrs Humes, this is her name, seems really cool. She replied to everybody and explained why the Welsh Government wanted to change the school curriculum.
They say education has to be global and reflect the different experiences and contributions in history.
Moreover, this is part of an extensive anti-racism action plan in fields like education, health, culture and sport.
According to Mrs Humes, BAME teachers are not going to focus only on traditional history related to the British Empire.
So there will be space for lessons on slavery and colonialism as well as the roles of people from Black, Asian and other ethnic minorities, whose importance is often forgotten.
I think we will find out some interesting facts. I am a football fan, and I have already read about one of the first English black players, Walter Tull.
He was of Afro-Caribbean origin and is also recognised as the first black officer in the British Army to command white troops.
I must add that in the UK we celebrate Black History Month in October, but I believe this new subject will give a wider perspective.
Last year, we talked about the Black Lives Matter and the civil rights movements, so we concentrated on American politics and social issues.
Americans started celebrating Black History Month in 1976, and it later spread to other countries.
If BAME history is more centred on our past and the different backgrounds of British citizens, it will not be the same as that.
However, I am sure it will be equally important.
