Growth. B1 Preliminary Training 4. Listening. Part 4.
Tomorrow we're celebrating World Oceans Day, and we're really glad to have marine biologist
Maureen Timmer on our program today. Thank you for joining us, Maureen.
Good morning, and thank you for inviting me. It's extremely important that people become aware of
the dangers our oceans are facing and start considering how to protect them. It may not
be well known, but there are several problems. For example, the rising temperature of the water
and higher sea levels. Can you explain to us why the temperature of the water is rising?
The large quantity of CO2 present in the air is changing the climate. Temperatures are getting
higher, and the oceans are warming up as well. How is this a problem for wildlife?
It's a big problem both for all the creatures and the plants living underwater. For example,
some fish have to move to cooler parts of the ocean, and others die because they can't adapt.
I'm a member of the Save the Sea Association, and we are studying what's happening to whales and dolphins
now that the oceans are changing. Save the Sea is also launching a new campaign next month.
Tell us about it.
It's called Ocean Stories. Some photojournalists have shot several impressive pictures of life
underwater in the Philippines, Australia, Fiji, and other marine areas around the world.
Their photographs will be on display in Boston for six months. Then the exhibition will probably tour the world.
We've already received several invitations. They're powerful stories that can show what's happening to animals in danger of extinction.
Experts say that governments all over the world have to work on solutions to protect the oceans.
If they don't do it, there will be many ecological disasters. What can ordinary people do?
There are plenty of things. People can choose to eat less fish, for instance. Then, everybody must avoid the use of plastic.
This is such a big problem, in my opinion. Plastic breaks down into small particles and ends up everywhere,
in the fish we eat and even in the water we drink.
When did you become an activist?
Many years ago, I was still a high school student.
One day, I was shocked to see the amount of trash along the coast near my city.
I persuaded my friends to help, and we cleaned it up.
After that, we organized a lot of beach cleans in our area.
That was just the beginning.
