There is one place where our destructive impact on the planet is less immediately obvious.
The oceans.
I can see its tail just under my boat here.
And it's coming up.
It's coming up. There.
The blue whale is a hundred feet long.
30 meters.
Nothing like that can grow on land because no bone is strong enough to support such bulk.
Only in the sea can you get such huge size as that magnificent creature.
I had to wait until I was 76 years old to see my first blue whale.
Part of what made the encounter so special was that for much of my lifetime, blue whales were being killed at such a rate that it seemed quite possible that they would become extinct before I ever saw one.
The fact that they've survived is a conservation triumph.
And that only happened because there was a fundamental change worldwide in people’s attitudes to whales.
Men had hunted whales for centuries, primarily for the sake of the oil in their blubber.
And the skeletons of just a few of them ended up here in the Natural History Museum.
When I was growing up, whale products were used mostly in food.
I must have unconsciously eaten a fair amount of blubber because it was an ingredient of margarine.
And during the war, when meat was really scarce, I certainly ate what was euphemistically called arctic steak, whale meat.
But it never occurred to me that whales could actually be endangered.
But improved methods of tracking and killing whales was reducing their numbers alarmingly.
<i>(Anchor: 600 yards of rope are drawn out in the wounded giant’s death struggle) </i> By the 1960s, there were fewer than 2,000 blue whales surviving, just 1% of their probable original population.
The species seemed headed towards extinction until whaling nations finally banned the hunting of blue whales.
However, what changed the fortunes of the other great whales were anti-whaling campaigners who turned whole nations against the industry.
During the 1970s and early 80s, anti-whaling groups used direct action and mass rallies to put pressure on the whaling nations, finally securing a total ban on commercial whaling, which came into force in 1986.
Since that time, whales have only legally been killed for scientific purposes or by indigenous communities.
And I can only hope that that ban will remain so that future generations can see what wonderful creatures they are.
Today, the world's blue whale population appears to be recovering slowly.
It has doubled in the last 50 years to perhaps as many as 4,500.