When I hear the word ‘politics’, I think our government probably comes to mind because obviously they rule it, well not rule, but they establish laws within the country, and I think certain politicians come to mind as well.
I think of our government and the Prime Minister and the, like, political parties that make up the structure of our country in government.
I think a politician should be a good listener, listen to all of the people and the other parties and be honest about what they are doing, what they think to be able to create a fair and better world, or country.
I wish my politicians were honest.
I wish my politicians were, probably, better at their job in running the country.
I wish my politicians were less hateful, perhaps, less selfish.
Would listen, to what we actually need and not do things we don’t.
I think, amongst myself and my peers, you have two polar opposites, to an extent.
Either people who are really very driven to engage in politics and, and involve themselves in it and, to some extent try and change its course, or you have people who are completely ambivalent to it because either they feel they haven’t enough life experience yet to figure out their own beliefs or they’re apathetic because they don’t believe they can change it.
I don’t think young people are too interested in politics, but I think young people should be interested in politics because it’s shaping their future and it’s not gonna affect older generations so much what happens today.
Democracy is the idea of everyone having a say and everyone working together in society.
So, we all get a chance to put our voice in, not just those in charge.
To me personally, I think climate change is probably one of the biggest issues because obviously my generation will grow up living in this world, along with all the others but I feel like the younger generation will be most affected by it.
I think, as they are to most people, issues of the climate, issues of racial, sexual acceptance are very much important to me.
And issues of education and equal right to equal education are very important to me.
To me the issues of peace and equality, in all forms, are important.