Like any huge metropolitan city, London has its share of crime.
Robberies, burglaries, mugging and street violence happen frequently.
So, who is trying to keep London’s streets safe? The Metropolitan Police Service (MPS) is commonly known as the Metropolitan Police or, informally, as the Met.
It is the territorial police force responsible for law enforcement in Greater London.
They are responsible for dealing with crime in the whole London area except the ‘square mile’ of the City of London, which is policed by the much smaller City of London Police.
The Met is the most important police force in Britain.
It not only supervises policing in the capital but also has significant national responsibilities, such as coordinating and leading national counterterrorism, protecting the royal family and also guarding certain members of the British government.
It also has to police and protect the 164 foreign embassies and High Commissions in London.
The Met is responsible for policing London’s Heathrow Airport, which is the busiest airport in Europe.
It is responsible for the protection of the seat of government, the Houses of Parliament, as well as dealing with more protests and events than any other police force in the country.
London’s police force is by far the largest in the UK.
In fact, it is one of the biggest in the world with more than 34,000 police officers and 10,000 police staff.
There are also over a thousand police community support officers and nearly one and a half thousand special part-time volunteer constables.
These wear the same uniform and engage in the same work as regular police officers but on a part-time volunteer basis.
They have no pay but can claim expenses and have free travel on and off duty on all Transport for London services.
They often help police major events like royal weddings.
The Met has 180 police stations in the London area, 22 boats for policing the river Thames and 250 specially trained police dogs.
Londoners refer to the Met colloquially as the Old Bill or as Scotland Yard, after the location of its original headquarters in a road called Great Scotland Yard, in Whitehall.
The Met’s current headquarters is New Scotland Yard, situated on the Victoria Embankment.
But whatever they are called, the London Bobbies, with their characteristic uniforms, are a common sight in London going about their duties, keeping London’s streets safe.