My husband and I, and our other partner, Amy Trackman, we started this green roof business a little over a year ago, and our interest, aside from all the wonderful environmental benefits of green roofs, capturing stormwater, and reducing cooling costs, and all of that, we started to get a little more interested in local food and urban agriculture as a lot of people were talking about.
We sort of started looking at incorporating farming into our projects, and at the same time, Ben Flanner, one of the farmers here, contacted us wanting to know if we would ever farm in the city.
So, we got the go ahead from an engineer in March and in April, we installed it.
(crane whooshing) So we got a crane.
We got our materials up here, so there’s 200,000 pounds of soil, which the farmers then mounded to have deeper areas.
Some of the beds are more shallow, they’re only about six inches, and then some of them go up to about 10 inches.
The farmers wanted for this season to have very varied crop.
They weren’t sure what sort of issues they would have with wind, or how the soil would do or the drainage or stuff like that.
They planted over 30 different crops here.
There’s everything from peppers and tomatoes, lettuces, rainbow chard, cabbage and then a really wide variety of heirloom tomatoes.
Now that I’ve started this business, I look at every roof and think that it could be green, not just because it’s really fun and it’s really beautiful, but the environmental benefits are big.
When there’s a huge rainstorm, the city’s system for processing sewage backs up and can’t handle it.
There’s these things all around the city called CSOs, combined sewer overflows and what they do is they basically open up and dump raw sewage into the rivers if there’s a really huge rainstorm.
So green roofs absorb a huge amount of rainwater.
Another benefit is cooling costs.
This roof completely cools the building below it, so there’s a big reduction when you’re talking about climate issues and reducing the temperature of the city, you know if you can get enough green roofs cobbled together, you could actually bring down the temperature.
People get excited when they can grow things and they can watch things grow and then it’s an added layer that you can actually pick something off of that and eat it.
It sort of validates the hard work that they’re putting in and the fact that they can actually grow things.
It’s way larger than I ever thought it could be and to get people really excited about something, especially when there’s so much bad news out there, I think is a really wonderful thing.