Certainly, at the moment, my favourite form of art is theatre.
I think it offers a similar array of stimulation as film or cinema but it’s more intimate, it’s more immediate, it’s more impactful, ultimately.
I think the purpose of art is to share your culture and to share your thoughts in a way that you can’t by words.
’Cause we look at the language barriers, for example, between English and Italian, there are lots of language barriers, so you can’t just tell someone how they’re, you’re feeling ’cause they might not understand it, but, through music and tone and painting, that’s something that anyone in the world can see, ’cause we all express emotions in the same way and it helps us to, kind of, communicate and share our feelings and culture without, in a way that surpasses those barriers in society.
I enjoy visiting museums more than I enjoy visiting art galleries, ’cause I feel like you get to feel a lot more of history with museums.
You get to go back in time and almost imagine, like, you were there, whereas art galleries I feel, I don’t enjoy art an incredible amount, I feel like it is just art and it’s just paint on a paper.
I think there’s not much they could do but perhaps by linking it more to the things that teenagers are interested in.
So, if a museum or a gallery were to put on an exhibition about social media or celebrities that would draw children, teenagers, in, and then they would see the other things while they were there.
I do like digital art.
I think there’s so much that you can explore with digital art but I think, like, digital art can’t really be compared to traditional art because with digital art you can, sort of, you can blend things and curve edges so that they’re sort of without using your skill, whereas with traditional art, that was all painted and made by somebody, like, all of the lines, all of the curves, they weren’t softened or anything so, that’s just, there’s a huge difference.
I’m not really sure what my favourite work of art would be.
It would probably have to be some form of Egyptian architecture, to be honest, because it’s just so grand and beautiful and unusual and it’s got so many hidden stories that we can’t see, behind it, and things.
Yeah, I do it as an A-level and a course and it’s, like, is it, like, it’s mostly, you do a fine artist and you, sort of, take the, sort of, recognisable parts, like what materials they use and the aspects you, sort of, pick and you manipulate it to how you want to do it.
You choose the colours, and you can change what the meaning of it and you can use it to yourself and it’s, if you do a big project and stuff like that which is really fun, it’s very hands-on and yeah, it’s really fun.