It used to be incredibly expensive to publish a story and make it available to a mass audience.
In the centre of Rome, for example, is the Colonna Traiana.
The Roman Senate commissioned this pillar to celebrate the achievements of Emperor Trajan.
We may say it was the equivalent of a newspaper today – an expensive propaganda tool, telling the story of events in the way the State wanted to portray them.
Several hundred years later, the time-consuming and expensive business of transcribing documents by hand was how people reported and preserved the news.
In England, the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle told the history of the Anglo-Saxons in a collection of manuscripts.
These were kept and updated in monasteries across England from the 9<sup>th</sup> century.
The printing press broke the monopoly of the scribes, and it was William Caxton who first introduced printing to England.
This led to a huge increase in ideas, as people were suddenly able to read and produce pamphlets on all kinds of subjects, not just rely on the religious and philosophical texts approved by the Church.
As well as books, the printing press allowed the forerunner of the newspaper to develop – the broadside.
Printed on one sheet, and cheap enough to be the tabloids of their day, they were popular for around three centuries, from the 1600s onwards.
The content varied from news of war and political developments, through storytelling ballads of crime and punishment, to the totally fanciful.
Of course, the technology of producing newspapers has evolved, and nowadays we do the page layout with computers.
But the development of the World Wide Web has completely transformed publishing in our era.
For mainstream journalism this has meant vastly increased distribution.
The UK’s major newspapers now have global audiences of tens of millions, at a time when printed circulation continues to decline.
The World Wide Web has also brought competition for newspapers.
Not just from TV and radio companies that have moved into producing news online, in some cases for 24 hours a day, but also from numerous social media platforms.
The growth of easy digital publishing technology brings with it new ethical dilemmas.
In an age where almost anyone, through a blog or social media platform, can launch a news story, who is responsible for the content? Who is checking the source? The press has the power to manipulate our views, so we must be increasingly vigilant about who is in control.