I think they are the first time you have public examinations.
So, your GCSEs, your first holiday away from home – whether that be in England or abroad – that’s always fairly important, and then, perhaps, also, your first drink in a pub or a bar.
Sort of, lots of things, starting new schools or doing, new friends and trying to, have the complications of trying to figure out basically who you are and who you’ll be surrounded by.
Getting, like, a job, sort of, starting to get your independence in the world, making money and all the things that, sort of, lessons that you need to have for adulthood.
I would say big birthdays.
So, I think when you turn 11 and when you turn 18.
I think they’re probably the biggest, almost, birthdays that you can have, in your teenage years.
I’d also say really big events, so maybe going into secondary school or starting your first days of school.
We tend to celebrate those.
So, I celebrate a lot of things like, I’ve just had my, one of my first sleepovers, and things like finishing school, so – ’cause you get, like, a new-found respect from people when you finish school and you’re not in uniform anymore.
When I think of growing through adolescence, I do mainly think of the years of the COVID lockdowns and how, at that point in my life, I was gradually able to start being more independent because it was such an unprecedented time and I had so much time on my hands that, perhaps, I wasn’t going to have, that I could explore my surroundings.
I think, probably, when you turn 18.
I think that’s, ’cause you get, obviously you get to the right to vote and the right to marry, so, I think that’s probably the biggest step up into adulthood from adolescence that you could get at this moment in time.
Perhaps, personally, among my peers, the definitive moment where you transition into adulthood is your first drink with your family, or your mother, your father, your older sibling.
It’s quite a nice social rite to have and that’s typically when you talk to your friends and they turn 18 and they are of age, the first question you ask them is: ‘Have you had your first drink yet? Your first legal drink? When are you going to have your first drink?’ I feel like the older generations used to leave school a lot earlier than now, ’cause obviously, now we have to stay on until we’re 18 and so we’re not allowed to potentially get a job, a full-time job at an early age compared to, obviously, many years ago you could leave at 14 and be able to start your career then.