Hi, so I'm Mike.
I am presently in a sort of modern family, of five people.
So, I have a partner of just under two years, called Sarah.
She has a son called Ashton, who's 11 years old, and I have two boys from a previous marriage, William, who is 16 and George, who is 14.
Okay, so, I'm Will. I'm the oldest child, I guess you could say.
I've got my actual brother, George.
I've got my stepbrother, Ashton.
So, our set up is as follows.
My boys live with their mum.
We have a very amicable relationship.
We get on pretty well, as good as you can in a divorce situation.
She lives in Clevedon, I live in a village about 20 minutes away.
But I also work in Clevedon too and my boys go to Clevedon School where I also work.
So, it's all a bit of a… It's complicated, but it kind of works.
On a Wednesday, they come and stay the night and they stay for a meal, and then I'll drop them to school on the Thursday morning and on a weekend, I either have them Friday five o'clock to Saturday five o'clock or Saturday five o'clock to Sunday five o'clock.
When we first split up, I saw them a lot more.
Just because I wanted the transition to be better, so I did tea with them every evening because my wife, ex-wife, worked quite late which was a, quite a nice way of sort of softening the blow, if that makes sense.
But, yeah, we're very happy.
Yes, we do go on holiday together.
We went to Minorca for a week, last, you know, this summer just gone, and there was a pool, and they were in it the entire time and we were just sitting drinking sangria on the side and it was very nice and we all got on really, really well.
Yeah. They do actually, and they're all stepbrothers and they all have different likes and dislikes.
It's been very interesting because my two are obviously 16 and 14 and then, Sarah's son is 11.
So the gaps are the same, but it's put the 14-year-old in a very interesting position because he's always been the youngest.
Suddenly he's the middle child.
Me, personally, I don't see a downside of having extra family and meeting new people, getting more presents, so… I think it's pretty good in my opinion.
There's no negatives, just full-on positives really.