There's school rules just like the basic sort of things, like respect everyone and just things like that, respectful.
We have a very strict uniform code at school.
We have to wear our plain black tights, plain white shirts, our ties and our blazers.
I feel like this rule, it's quite strict.
However, it is understandable, because we should all be looking similar so that way we don't have to question, like, how rich or poor someone is.
Also, we have a rule about no phones in school.
Basically, a gate-to-gate rule, we can't have our phones on from when we enter the school gates until when we leave the school gates unless our teacher allows us to have them out.
I think my school is generally on point and in a good place with all of its school rules.
However, I think it's a little bit too harsh on uniform.
I don't necessarily disagree with any of the rules, apart from some of the school uniform stuff, I don't think it's always 100% right.
Like, I think in the summer they should be able to be a bit more lenient on what you wear.
Beyond just a telling off, you can get a break time detention where, like I did in Year 7, you have to sit in a classroom, doing nothing, for about a half hour.
You can get a lunchtime detention, which is similar but lasts for more time.
You can get an after-school detention, where it lasts for an hour or a couple of hours, I don't know.
You can be suspended, where you aren't allowed into school for a day or a couple of days, depending on how harsh, how badly you've broken the rules, or I guess, the ultimate one is, you can be expelled, if you've done something really horrible.
There is, if you have had good behaviour during the lesson, or you have done a very good piece of homework or classwork, you get a positive, which is basically an online, like, notice of a positive thing that you have done.
Once you get to, I think it's 50 positives, you get a bronze award.
When you get to 100 positives, that's a silver award, 250 is a gold award and if you get your gold award, you are invited to the "golden breakfast", which is a breakfast at the end of the year with the headteacher and other students who have achieved over 250 positives, and you will eat breakfast with them.
We have five rules in the school.
The key rule is that students are expected to treat each other and everybody around them with respect and our rule states that we are all equal.
We all deserve the same level of respect and so that's our first rule.
And really, all of the other rules stem from that one.
Because if we all treat each other with respect in school, then things work smoothly and disagreements can be resolved with respect and with kindness and it makes, yeah, it makes for a good day.
We have the sort of more classic rules of...
Students need to listen when the teacher is speaking, when each other are talking as well, but to that listening rule we also add "listen and contribute" when being asked to contribute because it's not good enough to sit in school all day listening.
And really, those are our most important rules.
They can all be gathered around our school motto, which you may have heard before, it's "Be kind and be brilliant".
And that's what we ask our students every day: be kind, and do your best, be brilliant.