I like to get up and get ready for the day ahead by writing a list of things to do and I just like to be very organised and just make sure I'm having time for absolutely everything I'd like to do during the day.
I find it quite difficult to organise my time.
I have quite a few activities during school, after school, and at the weekend.
So, I just try and make a mental list of the things I have to do, and I try and stick to that list as often as possible.
I don't usually make a list of all my tasks, but sometimes, if I have loads of exams coming up, I do make a list of everything and then I'll do that throughout the day to make sure that I've done all my revision I decide what to do first by looking at what I don't want to do and then I do the most difficult or most boring thing first and then afterwards I do what I know I am going to enjoy.
Whatever holds the most importance or whatever I'm going to be in the most trouble for if I don't do.
I do, yeah.
I've got a, like, a paper diary.
I know most people my age don't, but I find writing something down helps you remember it rather than if you put it on your phone you don't always remember it.
I think quality time is when I spend time with my friends or family, and we do something that we all enjoy.
So, I think quality time is… I go for a walk or often I'd say it's just having a conversation with someone.
I think quality time is, like, more of, like, one-to-one, like, with a person, when I come, when it comes to my head.
I think quality time is spending time with people who you love or like and people who you can feel at ease with rather than having to put on a character which isn't yourself.
Well, when I wake up, I feel really productive, I just want to go in and fight the day.
I really want to get up and I really want to get started.
Usually, it's around when I'm going to bed.
So, I just decide I'll go to sleep and then I'll do whatever I was planning on doing in the morning and sometimes it helps.
I feel productive most of the day because I'm always, like, really, like, doing lots of dance, so, like, throughout the day, like, at lunch, and in the mornings, so, yeah.