The teenage years are full of activities.
Studying tends to dominate, but while learning to use your brain is obviously important, so is learning to use your body.
The physical activity attached to sport has many benefits for teens.
Some teens practise sport to release tension, others as a way of making friends and socialising, and some teens practise sports to keep healthy.
It is often said that your brain works better if you are fit and healthy.
There is a lot to gain from doing sport.
Individual sports teach the important skill of goal setting.
Learning to plan your strategies to win a match is useful practice for a later career.
And if you don't win, learning to lose helps deal with disappointments in other areas.
Team games are extremely useful too.
They teach other important life skills like learning to cooperate with others and working together to achieve a common goal.
Both individual and team sports teach the benefits of rules and fairness and how instructions and guidelines are fundamental to success.
So which sports are popular with teens? Schools dedicate PE lessons to gymnastics if there is a gym, or athletics if there is a sports field.
Athletics includes running, throwing and jumping, both high jump and long jump.
Popular sports in schools can be volleyball and basketball in an indoor court, or tennis, football and rugby if there is a pitch or court available outdoors.
Most American schools teach American football or baseball, while English schools generally offer rugby and cricket for boys and tennis, netball or hockey for girls.
Not ice hockey of course, but field hockey with a hockey stick and a small ball.
Even schools that don't have sports fields or gyms can encourage students to use the PE time to run or jump or stretch.
Schools in Scotland teach traditional Scottish dancing, a wonderful way to keep fit.
Another possible school sport is swimming.
Not all schools have a swimming pool, but lots of schools organise courses in local pools or, if you are lucky to live near the sea, in the ocean.
The area you live in is important.
Mountain areas have skiing as a school sport, for instance, but wherever you live, city, town, village or countryside, you need to practise some form of physical activity for your own good.
It is a way of doing better at school, making new friends, learning new skills and gaining in self-confidence.