Now, here in the UK, the summer festival season is just getting under way and for many years that has meant fields strewn with rubbish and abandoned tents.
But we've been speaking to expert Claire O'Neill, about how you can enjoy a more guilt-free, sustainable festival season in this month's Green Guide.
I'm Claire O'Neill and I'm a co-founder of an organisation called A Greener Festival.
If you think about a typical festival, it could be that a temporary town, essentially, is being built if it's a large event, so it does need to be managed quite closely to make sure that it's not having negative impacts on the environment.
It also has a real opportunity for being a role model.
We have a chance to go away from our normal day-to-day living.
If you're out camping, you realise that actually electricity isn't something that's just at the flick of a switch, and that the waste that you produce, it's actually materials.
You can see the impact of consumption essentially.
There are a lot of really good examples of festivals that are doing great work for the environment.
Boom Festival in Portugal.
They have their own site as they've got the opportunity to use the funds that come in from the festival to really regenerate the land and enhance the biodiversity of the land.
There is also digital festival spelt DGTL, which is in Amsterdam, and they've got great ambition to be the world's first circular festival.
We achieved that by artists, for example, transferred by electric cars and we've worked together with the municipality of Amsterdam to create, like, a green grid connection outside.
And we are working together with the whole sanitation chain of the event, so we can collect all the urine and poo and we can make fertiliser and compost out of it.
So, we're getting all the nutrients out of it.
We are reusing the water that we collect.
All the five systems that we have, we create such a low impact for the whole event.
It can be a lot harder for very large events to become sustainable.
But they've also got a huge opportunity in the influence that they have both in their supply chains and their industry, but also in culture and societal shifts.
So, for example, if Glastonbury Festival decide that from now on they're not going to have any single-use plastic bottles, then all of the caterers for the UK festival network will have found a different solution to using plastic water bottles, because everybody's there.
So, there is hindrances, but there's also opportunities.