So, Dopplle's a clothes' swapping platform and it's there to encourage students to live more sustainably and encourage them to think about where their clothes have come from and where they're going.
So, within Dopplle we run a lot of events.
So, we run events called swap shops where people can bring their clothes and swap with others.
Then we also run workshops and a lot of educational talks about the fashion industry and sustainable fashion and then our main thing is a clothes' swapping app.
And so that means that students can upload clothes onto it that they have that they don't want anymore, and then they can swap with other people within the app.
So, Dopplle comes from the name "doppelgänger", which means two people who look similar.
And we wanted to play with that and say that Dopplle is the same item of clothing, but worn and styled differently on two different people and giving that second life.
We want to help build a community surrounding the education of sustainable fashion and say to people that actually you don't necessarily need to know everything, you just need to know enough to start making changes, and so that's why, how Dopplle works, by running these events as well as having the kind of virtual interactions through our app.
It means that people can come together in person, do something in a like-minded way and meet other like-minded individuals while also knowing that them coming to a swap shop is helping the sustainability of their wardrobe and the sustainability of their fashion.
So, within our app there's a virtual currency and that's called Dopplle coins.
And so, the way that the swapping works within the app is once you've uploaded an item you have that you don't want anymore, but is still in a good condition to be looked after and loved by someone else you upload it into the app, you put photos on it, say what size it is, what type of item it is, and then you wait for someone to come along and buy the item off you.
When they buy it off you, there's no money transaction.
It's just one virtual coin will appear in your account.
With that virtual coin, you can use it to go and buy from other people.
So, it just encourages people to think about where their clothes are coming from and where they're going, but also to think about actually this item can be given a second life.
So, within the app at the moment, every item is just one dopplle coin, that's its currency.
But you also have the chance to upload items for zero dopplle coins which means that it's basically free.
It's also really interesting to see that the students that we do connect with do listen and they are slowly changing and we are finding that a lot more students understand what is going on to the planet and what's going on within the kind of ethical and environmental sides of the fashion industry and education is definitely being spread a lot more and people are definitely becoming a lot more aware which is really great.