I wanted to be a footballer for Bristol City, my local team.
I wanted to be a baker.
I loved baking when I was younger, so I wanted to have my own little bakery.
I wanted to be a footballer, like quite a lot of people's dream is, but then as I've got… As time's gone on, I think I've developed a love for acting, and something in the performing arts industry might be something really interesting.
Astronaut, like, working in NASA and becoming an astro.
That would be interesting, because then you can see, like… It would be cool to see the world.
I'd quite like to be a police officer.
That seems really interesting and active.
Also, an actress.
Acting is really fun, it's one of my hobbies, and it would seem really nice to pursue that, and… I enjoy, what's it called? Engineering! I think a very interesting job would be perhaps working in a cutting-edge field, or a field where you're discovering something, perhaps like marine biology, or some form of engineering job, I can imagine being quite fascinating.
I do have a part-time job, yes.
I volunteer at the Curzon Cinema, the local cinema, as an usher, so I greet people when they come into the cinema and I'll show them around if they need be… And yeah, I really enjoy it.
I do a paper round and I do skittles and I do that every Wednesday and for skittles, I do, like, maybe, twice a month.
Skittles is, like, when… It's like bowling, in a way, but, like, a smaller version of it, like, ten pins, and you just like every time someone's, like, bowled, like, the ball, you just go, like, move the skittles out the way, like, put the balls back to them and put the skittles back up, like, that.
I think enjoying your job's important, but I think having, like, getting money from the job is also important because you need to be able to make a living.
Enjoy, but obviously you want a well-paid job, cause you still wanna, you know, like, have a house and… But I think it's important to enjoy your job, yeah.
Quite young, I think, in that… Students at school will often have a little job on the side, from the age of 14.
Things like doing a paper round or doing some babysitting or looking after someone's pets.
But from the age of 16, 17, when they're doing A levels, and they have a little bit more flexibility on their timings, they start to work, usually, a little bit more, maybe a couple of days a week or several evenings a week.
Middle-class families and working-class families in this country, I would say most kids would get some sort of job.
But what's happened a lot more, more recently, and wasn't so much the case when I was a kid growing up but now, there's obviously a lot of work in the catering industry, food, pubs.
I don't remember anyone working anything other than a chip shop 30 years ago.
Now my son, for example, is a, is a waiter in a café, he's 16, so he's just gone into sixth form, and he earns good money and he loves it, and I would expect a student, slash my son, slash anyone really, to go into a job because it gives you so much life experience.