I think I'm a positive person because I can't really help it.
There's a lot of things that I love and I love doing and I think for motivation, you have to be positive.
I'd like to think I'm positive.
I try and make people feel positive if they're feeling a bit down.
Usually, I'm a positive person.
I think it's because I've been raised in a positive family.
You can't be negative about everything because there's so much good in the world and then, on the other hand, you can't be positive about everything because there's so much evil and bad going on in the world.
If I'm feeling confused, then I will find it really difficult to explain how I'm feeling, however, if I'm feeling happy, I'll just be, like, really positive and I will be able to explain why I'm feeling so happy.
I think happiness is quite an easy emotion to show, but if you're showing neglect or sadness or you're feeling alone, that can be harder and it can turn into wanting attention to be noticed for something like that.
Watching my favourite football team win's nice and just being around people I like and having a good time.
I'd say what makes me happiest is knowing that I don't have things to stress about and there isn't anything that I will have to do in the future, in terms of work, and that I can just relax and enjoy myself.
Cats.
Cats make me happy.
I have two cats at home, called Toulouse and Berlioz, and they are the most adorable things on Earth to me.
Drawing's really fun.
It just kind of takes your mind off stuff, and helps you relax, just kind of get lost… in making up a character or something.
Seeing other people happy.
I think seeing a smile on someone's face can make you happy because you want to know what made them happy.
Usually, I just snuggle up on the sofa with my cats and hot chocolate and a film and I just hug my cats and let all my emotions go away.
If I'm feeling bad, say, I will sometimes try and listen to a bit of music just to sort of calm myself down a bit.
I mean, listening to music and drawing are really just help, like, calm down, if I am, like, in an angry mood, or like, really stressed.
I use this strategy called the Countdown and you'd start, you'd do, like, five to one things that you can do.
So, five would be five things you can see.
Four would be four things you can feel.
Three would be three things that you can hear.
Two would be two things that you can smell and one would be one thing that you can taste.
And it really helps me.
I think I accept all my negative emotions.
I understand that they affect everyone, albeit in different ways, but I certainly don't blame myself for them.
I think I probably do blame them on myself sometimes, like, most of the time, but I do try and, like, think of reasonable reasons why I'm thinking this.
I think you can train yourself not to blame yourself because blaming yourself is only going to make you feel more low.