Our world is full of natural wonders, but many of them are suffering from the effects of pollution and global warming.
How can we protect them? Let's have a look at some of the natural wonders under threat.
The Amazon rainforest is getting smaller.
Companies are paying men to cut down trees at an alarming rate, though it still covers 6.7 million square kilometres, twice the size of India.
Growing across nine different countries, it represents over half of the planet's remaining rainforests, making it the largest and most biodiverse tropical rainforest in the world.
The Australians are justifiably proud of the largest coral reef on Earth, the Great Barrier Reef.
It is visible from space and is believed to be the world's biggest single structure made from living organisms.
Composed of some 3,000 individual reefs and 900 islands, it stretches for over 2,600 kilometres and covers over about 344,000 square kilometres of the Coral Sea in Queensland, north-east Australia.
It is a World Heritage site and an important tourist attraction, but it requires constant care and attention.
The Colorado River created the Grand Canyon over a period of 6 million years.
The canyon is 445.7 kilometres long, ranges in width from 5.9 to 29 kilometres and has a depth of more than 1.9 kilometres.
The area was first inhabited by Native Americans, who built settlements within the canyon and its many caves.
It is now a prime tourist attraction, but there is concern about air pollution and the exploitation of uranium.
The highest mountain in the world, Mount Everest, at its estimated 8,848 metres above sea level is a challenge and a natural wonder, but also a cause for concern.
The numerous groups of climbers leave huge quantities of waste which is contaminating the mountain.
There is human waste, but also spent oxygen tanks, abandoned tents, empty cans and bottles.
The Nepalese government now requires each climber to pack out eight kilograms of waste when descending the mountain.
Another natural and amazing sight is the Victoria Falls on the Zambezi River, forming the border between Zambia and Zimbabwe.
It was described by the Kololo tribe living in the area in the 1800s as "Mosi-oa-Tunya", "The Smoke That Thunders".
In more modern terms, Victoria Falls is known as the greatest curtain of falling water in the world.
Conservationists are concerned about the amount of water that is removed from the Zambezi for irrigation and how this affects the quantity of water in the falls.
More natural wonders, like the Galapagos Islands and the Maldives, are threatened by rising sea levels and ocean pollution.
We have some very beautiful and extraordinary wonders in the world, but we also have a duty to look after them and preserve them for the future generations.