I love food, especially chocolate and lasagna.
My dad makes an amazing lasagna and that's one of my favourite things to eat.
Well, I'm gluten free, so I really struggle sometimes to find foods that I can eat, but most of the time, in lots of shops, there's always, like, an aisle for, like, gluten free people and it really helps me.
I like food and I think that we need to eat the right foods and have a balanced diet rather than eating all the wrong foods, which a lot of people my age group tend to do.
They eat sugary foods, fattening foods, and we all need to have a bit of fruit now and again, maybe some vegetable, and just… cut out what's wrong for us.
Throughout the day, I typically stick to a breakfast, lunch and dinner plan, but sometimes I do have a brunch in mid-morning or I have a midnight snack, because they're all very tasty.
I like snacking a lot, I guess, more specifically, like, just like, crisps, bits of chocolate bars, probably some, like, grapes.
Oddly enough, my favourite cuisine is Italian, and I do like a carbonara and I'm trying to learn how to cook one.
Oh, I do like a good Indian.
I love curry.
I think it's absolutely incredible.
So, I'll normally have that, sometimes on a Friday night and I like enjoying that with family.
Spicy foods, I quite like.
Yeah, spicy foods, like noodles, spicy noodles.
My family's quite big on, like, Korean stuff.
My sisters, specifically, are, like, quite into Korea and, yeah.
I like curry and like Chinese food.
I really like, like, katsu curry and stuff like that, I just… it's one of my favourite foods.
I quite like pizza and pasta.
Those are my treat foods which I've got to stay away from, because if I go near them, I just won't stop eating, if I have a takeaway pizza or something like that.
I certainly do.
Buying foods like a lot of steak, or a lot of just meat, from a cow, certainly affects the planet because that contributes to greenhouse gases because cows release a lot of methane.
It depends on what you buy.
For example, if you're buying, like, organic vegetables and fruits, that's not really having an impact on the rest of the planet because it's sustainable and it's easy to find, especially if it's local foods.