I prefer music, although I do enjoy watching TV and films and reading.
I just enjoy listening to music the most.
I like watching a bit of TV, a bit of movies, just anything like that, a bit of Netflix, just like that sort of thing, just chilling and watching a bit of TV.
I prefer watching TV, so, sitcoms and films, and I do enjoy reading books as well.
I love listening to music and hanging out with my friends every once in a while, and I love doing musical theatre.
I like listening to music… Like, a lot of people listen to just one genre of music, I like all genres of music.
I love all genres of music, pretty much.
I love rap, rock, indie folk, even a little bit, a little bit of pop every now and then.
So, I love all of music, I'd say.
When I get in from school I normally listen to a bit of music because I think it helps you in the evening, after a long day of school, just to relax.
I like a bit of pop music, a bit of country music, just all different kinds of music, I'm quite a big fan of.
I do enjoy listening to music.
Usually I would listen to rock music, and I would listen to it on the way to school.
I like listening to music on long walks, in the countryside, sometimes in the gym and sometimes, a little bit, in my bedroom.
I like to listen to music in my bedroom normally, because I find that the most relaxed place of the house.
I have gone to lots of concerts before, like Harry Styles.
I have been to a few concerts in the last year, yeah.
I went to an Elton John concert last year, a week after my birthday, so that was a treat, and I'm hoping to go to more concerts next year.
I think the last film I saw, in a cinema, was <i>Nope,</i> directed by Jordan Peele.
I really enjoyed that film.
I thought it had this really nice foreboding atmosphere that helps to build tension for these moments of real horror in the narrative.
I do. I really love watching TV.
I think it's a great way to relieve stress, but I also think if you're a creative person, watching TV gives you loads of ideas.
Sometimes I read books before bed, but I don't read too much.
I don't really read books personally, but I do read newspapers because I'm a media student and, yeah, I like to know what's going on in the world.